Some problems

I was excited to stay at the Chancellor Hotel after reading all the reviews. This hotel was certainly a bargain. We were able to get it pretty cheap from Priceline. I always wonder if we get our hotel from such a website, does that indicate we will get a bad room? We were on the top floor with no view. We saw the backs of builiding and ugly rooftops. Because we would be out of the hotel 90% of the time, I didn't mind. The front desk staff was very nice. The door man helped us with our bags and was very courteous. The hotel doesn't need A/C. It was freezing in the middle of July and the fan does a fine job cooling you down. With the windows open, however, you do hear garbage trucks and a lot of noise from the city (trolleys gear up around 6 or 7 am). We stopped downstairs to try to figure out how to get a trolley pass and we quickly found the reservation desk. The woman behind the reservation desk was unreal. I have never experienced such behavior. She was taking a personal call while we were standing in front of her. She actually put her hand over the phone and asked us what we needed, gave us a short answer and then went back to talking on the phone. It was something you would see in a sitcom. My husband got out money for a trolley pass and he stood there with the money out for over a minute while we listened to her telephone conversation. So, we didn't get the great treatment that it appears other reviewers received. The trolleys were always full and after buying a 3-day pass to use them, we were very upset that we ended up walking the majority of the time. We found out later that if we would have walked 2 blocks we would be picked up without a problem (this is something the reservation desk should have told us) Parking is around $30.00 plus tax a day, which is another expenditure you will need to budget in. We also had a problem with someone trying to get into our room around midnight on our second night. I was happy to be checking out the next day and moving onto Napa Valley where it was quieter, where you don't need to pay for parking and everyone was very accomidating. 