Not a 5 Star Hotel

This is the first time I have ever posted a review, but I have to share my experiences of staying at this hotel with others so you don't experience the difficulties we encountered.I normally write off bad reviews I read as whinging hard to please pedants, but this is written in the hope that it is helpful information for anyone seeking to book a quality hotel in Barcelona.I booked a late long weekend break at the end of January and booked two rooms for 3 nights at the Grand Marina. There were actually 5 of us staying including my 3 children (youngest is 9), but the website - similar to most - couldn't cope with booking a family of 5. I therefore called the hotel after booking and explained that there was an additional child and I was happy to pay the extra charge involved. I would have booked direct with the hotel but their website does not feature their telephone number (!) and would not accept an e-mail. When we arrived late on Friday our rooms were not interconnecting, even though the hotel was almost empty and interconnecting rooms must have been available. On the Saturday I decided to check exactly how much they were adding onto the Bill for my 'extra' child so I had no nasty surprises at checkout. It worked out twice what I was paying as an adult. I queried this and the Duty Manager agreed to a small reduction, but still I was paying more for an extra 'Z Bed' stuck in one of our rooms than for my own stay. This hotel definitely does not want kids. It's a business travellers hotel, as witnessed by the bizarrely expensive minibar prices only to be tolerated if on expenses. Please don't think I'm stingy - I don't mind paying for quality - but this is a 3 to 4 star hotel masquerading as 5 star because the building looks good. The pool was closed, the view was of cargo ships being unloaded (which continued noisily overnight) rather than the sea and the staff at reception were less helpful than a famous Torquay guest house. On checkout I asked whether they could advise what times the buses left for Gerona airport as my flight was at 10.30pm. I was made to feel like I was being a nuisance and was told that the last flight from that airport was 8.30pm so I should get a bus around 6.00pm. I checked my ticket and the flight was later as I thought, so we carried on without their uninformed guesswork. Comapre this to the last time I stayed in Barcelona, at the Neri Hotel (4 star not 5) where the staff printed out a bus timetable from the internet for me and could not have been more helpful. It was an appropriate end to a generally poor hotel experience. Thankfully Barcelona itself more than made up for the over-priced and under-delivering Grand Marina. My daughter did have her bag stolen in the city, but at least the thieves involved in that instance don't call themselves 5 star. If you're planning to stay in Barcelona, take it from me, there are much better 4 star hotels than the Grand Marina at around the same price or less - I'm only sorry we didn't stay in one. 