Not loving the Grand Marina

Our second time in Barcelona, previously we had stayed at the H10 Montcada and quite enjoyed it. This time around we got what we thought was a great deal and chose to stay on the water. We're still here as I write this, but are thinking of cutting our reservation short perhaps to take a train to explore more of Spain.I can see why those about to board a ship would choose this hotel, as it's literally on the pier where you would board your ship.The hotel design is cool and contemporary, but this is where the love stops.It's the little things that are driving me nuts. Our room in on the 7th floor (of 8) and we've got a great view with a little tiny balcony that looks out to the city. I really liked this until night came and the winds changed. The sliding doors to the balcony don't seem to close correctly, so you get this sporadic wind shrieking as you try to sleep. Perhaps this is something that only happens in the winter?The temperature controls in the room seem useless. No matter how I set it, it seems to jump back to 20 Celsius.The only clock in the room is actually part of the flat panel TV. Once you shut off the TV, the clock can no longer be seen.We were welcomed on arrival with a small plate of chocolates and some bottled water. Lovely. But for a 5-star luxury hotel, it would be nice if they would drop off a bottle of water every day. The only alternative is the min-bar's teeny-tiny 330ML bottles - that cost 4 Euros each.We had wine glasses in the room on the first day as well, but those seem to have disappeared.I'm dying to find out what happens with the bathroom amenities today. We don't seem to be getting anything replenished and are down to one tiny bar of soap that we keep passing between the shower and the sink. It literally feels like the hotel is saying - you've used up your allotment, time to check out.On the bright side, we did partake in the morning buffet on our second day (not included in our package). It was really lovely. But unless you're boarding a cruise ship, or maybe if it's the middle of summer; I'd choose differently. 