Wiorst Experience Ever Stay Away!!!!!!

You need to read this if you are thinking of staying at this hotel. Ok, we stayed at this hotel for part of our honeymoon in Barcelona. Location is good and rooms are ok but nothing great for the money.Our last night there after we just went to sleep around 3 AM we hear shouting in the hallway. Then there is this load banging on our door from a girl screaming in some foreign language. Of course we didnt know what to do so we just waited and we heard banging on the door next to us. This goes on for like 5 minutes and I didnt want to open the door because I dont know who is out there and what their issue is, so I call the front desk. Front desk tells me that some crazy lady got on the elevator before they could stop her and they are aware she is in the hotel. I tell the guy well shes is banging as hard as she can on my door and the rooms next to me on the third floor so please have her removed. He says ok and that he also called the police.This baging goes on literally for the next 45 minutes. This lady is crying, screaming, and banging on our door and the rooms next to us so loud that I honestly felt she was going to break the door down. I called the front desk again, same guys there and no action is taken. Finally around 4:14 AM the banging stops and we try to go back to sleep but with all that happening and it being so loud and odd I probably got 1 hour of sleep before I had to wake up and get my plane.So the next morning I go to check out while my wife finishes gathering things in the room. I ask to talk to the owner. A middle aged man downstairs said he is the owner. He spoke some English and I explained to him in English and Spanish about what happened. He said he was aware of it and it was a lady and a husband or boyfriend that have stayed there before that were in a fight, which was very different then the story I heard the night earlier about some random crazy walking in off the street. I explained it was our heoneymoon and we paid a lot for the hotel and I didnt think we should need to pay for the last night becuase of what happened. You dont pay $300/night to stay at a hotel and have that kind of experience. I own 3 different businesses in the US and any other business owner would agree that some sort of action should be taken by the owner of this hotel for his guests. Well this guy flipped out. Came around the desk and started yelling and screaming with his fist in the air that we better pay for all the nights. This guy was crazy. So to wrap this up, he actually grabbed me by the shirt at least three times and tried to shove me, kicked our bags and our $1500 worth or artwork we purchased in Barcelona the day before that was wrapped in a bix that said fragile, tried to have a bell boy take our bags, and just acted like a real ass. I told him we would have the cops come and they could see the videotape of what just happened. he had one of his workers go in the back room and do something (Im pretty sure get rid of the tape). The police came which were little help. I told them to watch the tape. They came back 5 minutes later and told me it was out of order. I filed a police report there becuase they advised me it would take too long to go to the police station. We ended upo missing our flight anyways and now I am disputing the charge for the hotel on my credit card because of all this. What a way to treat your guests after they are put through a night of screaming and yelling by other guests outside of your room. Especially when you know how much they are paying a nigh to stay there and that it is your honeymoon. Stay away from this place. Only thing good about it is the location. Services suck. Cant even get ice unless the bar is open and then you need to walk downstairs and have them go get you some. Not worth it. Trust me. Rest of hte trip was great. Z This place ruined Barcelona for us. 