Better than the RC Powersocurt, not as good as the RC Osaka

Last week I spent two nights in the Ritz Carlton in a Junior Suite ( 410 EUR per night, breakfast an extra of 28EUR). The hotel is part of the new Beisheim Center, built in elegant american architecture style and it includes the Ritz Carlton, office spaces, apartments and a Marriott Hotel as well. The Beisheim Center is owned by Otto Beisheim (80 years old German billionaire, founder of the Metro trade group) and located on the Potsdamer Platz, the former nomansland, where the Berlin Wall went through. I arrived at the hotel around 11:45am, albeit the early time, my suite was however ready. The problems started when I tried to enter my room - the keycard didn't work. So I asked somebody from the hotel staff, who was walking by, to open my room. I entered the room and had the intention to phone the reception desk to bring me a new card - unfortunately the phone didn't work. None of the 3 phones in my room. And 20 minutes already passed by and I was still waiting for my little piece of luggage to arrive in my room. So I went to the reception desk and asked for a replacement of my keycard and the whereabouts of my luggage and told them to get my phone working. After 10 more minutes my luggage arrived and I decided to try the spa and fitness facilites of the hotel. The swimming pool is rather small, just enough to refresh yourself. Two hours later I was back in my room and the phone still wasn't working. I got dressed and left the hotel, stopping by the reception desk, and told them again to fix the phone - which they did at an unknown time later that day.Some other annoyances: No LAN/Fax/phone/electric socket right on the writing desk in the room - it's all on the floor under the desk, so you have to crawl around. And no WiFi in the room. I think this is unacceptable for a brand new built 5*+ hotel.The suite itself is really nice. They did a great job in building this hotel but the service and some other details need improvement.FBWe ordered in Room Service for dinner as our dinner plans fell apart at the last minute. We ordered very simple food -- a cheeseburger with fries, french onion soup, a chicken panini, and caesar salad. The food was decent if not again aggressively salted. The meal was fairly timely (late by 7 minutes) but was not very hot by the time it arrived.Breakfast:The quality of the breakfast was decent but nothing mind-blowing. Service was awkward and not particularly attentive. Eggs were cooked to perfection and the coffee was excellent.ServiceI understand that we visited at a terribly busy time but fundamental service gaffes pervaded the hotel part of our stay. I think the hotel cannot handle the volume of business for its size and it most certainly did not handle the chaos very well.I had to prompt the hotel at almost every step -- the service was not effortless or intuitive; at best, it was reactive and only when prompted. We had requested turn down at a certain time, but housekeeping came at their convenience. When we asked her to return later, we were told that she could not come back.Such issues marred what could have been a wonderful stay and should not have happened at a hotel of supposed calibre as the Ritz Carlton. 