avoid &quot;classic&quot; rooms

We left that property with very mixed emotions. The reason for booking it was the exceptional location: close to everything within walking distance there is no better choice under that point of view. But apart from that I think that there is no reason to stay there. My wife arrived a day before me, being a young, single travelling women. Was it a coincidence that she was given the room next to the elevator, courtyard facing with a very strange, convoluted layout with a small window in the corner between the bathroom and the wall, so it was like a room without a window? Of course somebody has to take the bad rooms, but why allocate it to somebody who has booked for 5 days and not to somebody who just spends there one night? So we were given another room. As we opened the door, a wave of very bad, acidic smell came out. We called the front desk and the person who came round wrinkled his nose and admitted, that there was a terrible smell, assuming that it was the new carpet of the remodelled room. Well, if their new carpets smell like this, I dont want to know about the old ones. Room number three, not expecting much anymore, was very small too. Between the bed and the bathroom there was the desk with a minibar, a small table with two chairs and the closet with a rack for a small suitcase. Furnished like this, there was no space for putting a regular suitcase on the floor leaving space for walking around it so that we either had to close it and put it uprigth or climb over it when we wanted to go to the bathroom. Truly exciting when you have to get up at night. Now we definitiely were ready for a drink. But the minibar/refrigerator was not working. As we do not like warm drinks we called for ice cubes (no ice-machines in the corridor) and maintenance. The electrician arrived before the waiter and fixed it. Than the ice-bucket came and we were informed, that we had to pay 5 Euros for it. For a bucket we needed, because the fridge was broken and the drinks were too warm? In a 5 star property? Come on, that's realy bad style and cheesy. Beeing very small, the air in the room was sticky. Usually we like to leave the windows open. But in this case we preferred not to, because the fire stairs were crossing the window. So we switched on the A/C. There was air coming out of the outlet but it was warm. We put the thermostat to the minimum, but still only warm air. We asked several times for reparation at the front desk, but nothing happened. Why not offer to have another room with a working A/C? The best thing about the room was the housekeeping. Very efficient and immaculatly clean all the time. The toilet was tucked between the washbasin and the wall so that one had to squeeze himself diagonally on it. The lobby, bar and restaurant were very stylish and arranged tastefully. The breakfast room is located in the basement (no windows). The food-quality was very good and the service very efficient. On our visits the breakfast room was crowded and the acoustics were quiet bad so that the overall experience was not very pleasant. The female front-desk staff were very nice and helpful, whereas male stuff were rather presumptuos. Example? We were asking for directions one morning, when suddenly the employee turned away from us starting a conversation with somebody more interesting than us. Probably the stay would have been better, if we had booked a de luxe room (130 Euros more per night). But how could we know before? When booking in a 5-Star property one can expect a certain size and standard even in the least expensive room. But the &quot;classic&quot; rooms in my opinion are definitely substandard in terms of size, layout and location. Of course in the hotels website it's noticed that they are only &quot;approximately 20 square meters&quot; (they should add, that they are dark and the samll window only gives a view in a grim courtyard) what would be barely acceptable if of regluar shape. But in such a tubular or strange layout, it's much worse and clearly not acceptable. In my opinion, the very narrow rooms I have seen, should only be furnished with a small bed and sold as single rooms only, as for two persons they defintively are unreasonable in a 5-Star property. Next time in Barcelona we will go somewhere else. 