wonderfully charming place

My boyfriend and I just stayed 3 nights at the Nadia and could not have been happier with our experience. The woman working the reception desk when we arrived was warm and helpful, and our bags were waiting in our room for us by the time we finished checking in. Our room was very small but the wardrobe and plentiful shelving made it feel bigger. The lighting and decor were both very cute -- overall it was incredibly cozy and comfortable, and it could not have been cleaner (same for the bathroom). The breakfast room was delightful, too -- especially since it was decorated for Christmas. There were several ladies working to make sure there was also fresh coffee and juice. The entire staff were always friendly and helpful -- they helped us arrange for a shuttle service to the airport at the end of our visit, and helped us down with our bags. Security at the hotel is very good -- they monitor the always-locked front door via camera and don't allow in anyone who is not a registered guest, so you can be comfortable that there's never anything too shady going on in the rooms around you. The hallways smelled pretty strongly of cigarette smoke at times, which didn't bother us since our room never smelled smoky at all. But people who are extremely sensitive to cigarette smoke might be bothered. Our room was on the interior side of the building (not directly exposed to the street) so outside sound was no problem whatsoever. I do think the walls between the rooms and the hallway must be very thin, because we could hear people passing by and/or talking in the hallway very clearly. It was never particularly bothersome but if we had visited at a more crowded time of year it might have gotten annoying. Though you can always sleep with earplugs.The location could also not have been better -- it is very close to Dam Square but just enough out of the bustle and mayhem that you are able to really relax. We discovered a number of wonderful restaurants and bars within a 5-10 minute walk of the hotel. Overall we were thrilled with the Nadia, and would definitely stay there again. 