Great Location

We stayed here at the beginning of April.We picked this hotel having read the reviews.The best part of this hotel is it's location. It's on a side street, turning left out of the hotel it's less than one minute's walk from Pl. Catalunya and turning right it's less than one minute from a Starbucks cafe.Room : We were not fortunate enough to get an upgrade as others did, so we had the basic room which is quite small width wise without the couch but with one armchair. The television is on the wall facing the bed and every time we passed it we felt we were going to hit our heads. The lighting is very nice and you can dim them if you are in the mood which is a nice touch. There are robes and slippers provided. The bathroom is very nice with nice fluffy towels and shower gel, shampoo and moisturiser provided. There is also a man and woman box which has a toothbrush, toothpaste, razor, etc. but one thing missing is cotton buds which is usually provided in 4* hotels. We booked the romance package which included breakfast and a bottle of cava. For anyone else booking this package, apparently the cava is delivered to the room around 7pm in ice bucket with two champagne glasses. We had to ask when it would be delivered. If we hadn't and only returned to our room late after eating, I would imagine the cava would have been warm at that stage. Our room was on the 5th floor to the back of the hotel which got the sun for most of the day, looked down on the back of the hotel and onto the next street on which C  A is located. There was no balcony but the window doors opened in with a railing outside. If you are to the front of the hotel, there is a very small balcony with standing room only. The street is not very wide and you only get the sun in the evening.Breakfast : This is served until 11am during the week, later at the week-end. It comprises of juices, cereals (no cornflakes), cold meats, cheeses, fresh fruits, scrambled eggs, mini saugages, crispy bacon, bread rolls, bread to be toasted, yogurts, danish pastries and doughnuts.We arrived down for breakfast at 10.30am to see a waitress taking plates of what looked like really nice shortcake cookies, we presumed to a different location in the breakfast room. We soon realised that they were clearing away and these were not available when we would have liked them with our coffee and tea to finish. If you like coffee there's no problem but if you like tea, like me, they bring a cup of warm water and a tea bag. You get the milk from the large jug for the cereal. Most 4* star hotels we have stayed in have teapots and small jugs for cold milk which make it much more user friendly. Pulitzer Management please take note.Restaurant : Not open Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday nights.Having stayed previously in the AC Diplomatic which is a further 5/10 mins away from Pl. Catalunya, We are still undecided which is better overall!!!! 