You Can Do Better in Paris

We stayed here 5 nights in mid December and we were going to return for 4 nights around New Years, but canceled our reservation and booked elsewhere. There were 3 major problems: the noise, the neighborhood, and --most importantly -- the poor value based on what you can find elsewhere.As for the noise, the sewage pipes and the radiator pipes are not insulated, so you hear every time someone in a nearby room flushes the toilet or showers. But the radiator pipes were the worst. Every night from 10pm to about 2am the pipes from the radiator clanged so loud it was impossible to sleep (even for a heavy sleeper), then the heat would be reduced and the room was chilled during the day. We asked to change rooms, but were told that it was an old system and that other guests had the same complaints and that there was nothing to be done. Don't expect to go to sleep any time prior to 2am because the radiator pipes will keep you awake.Furthermore, the hotel is not in a nice or convenient neighborhood. It's in a busy commercial district. You'll take the metro more than you need to and walk on ugly streets to get where you need to be. It's not the impression you want of Paris.Regarding the value, the Langlois is charging 110 euro for a standard double plus 9 euro for breakfast. So for 2 people, you're paying 128 euro because despite what other guests say, the breakfast is the best deal you'll find. You'll pay 9 - 12,50 euro plus tip for a similar breakfast on the street unless you get a pastry and coffee, which is neither healthy nor adequate for a morning of sightseeing. The 9 euro for a breakfast that includes yoghurt, cheese, and other sources of protein is reasonable. So 128 euro for a noisy, shabby room (We had one of the rooms pictured on the web. It's not so nice in person: terrible mattress, musty smell, and rickety furniture.), a poor location, and a not very helpful staff. Whereas we moved to the Hotel D'Angleterre, on Rue de Jacob in the St. Germain area and for 145 euro (which included breakfast) we had a charming room with a garden/courtyard view, easy walking distance to all the major sights (NOT METRO --the fares add up, by the way), a charming neighborhood that was a pleasure to stroll through, easy access to all sorts of cafes and bistros, a wonderfully helpful staff, a beautifully appointed lounge and breakfast room with lovely china (extensive buffet breakfast), and most importantly, a quiet peaceful place to sleep.Had we not moved hotels, we would have left Paris with a bad impression based on being tired and having to negotiate the horrible streets around the Langlois. It is a budget hotel charging mid-range hotel prices and at these prices, you can find accommodation that is much better and will make your stay in Paris much nicer. 