Deceiving!

I satyed at the Altamont for seven nights. I thought that this would be a good choice! The website explained that this was a boutique, luxury budget hotel! Well yes it is a boutique hotel, i.e. it's small, and yes it is budget (Aus$108 p/night - 拢48 p/night), but it is not luxury!I have stayed at boutique hotels before and they pride themselves on their intimacy and comforts within your room, but the Altamont had no comforts. A hotel that wants to atrract a fashionable young crowd must surely think that a full length mirror in all bedrooms is a must. My room had no mirror and the bathroom was badly designed. Problems were bad lighting, no fan to let out steam which created wet floors and walls. You could not open the bedroom door in fear that you would let the fire alarms off (warnings were placed inside and outside the bathroom).The room was furnished nicely but was hampered by dirty walls and a dirty carpet! They need to repaint urgently and buy some new rugs! Only one of my bedside lamps was working and to finish this so called boutique, luxury yet budget look were two faded prints of Paris and some pier???The communal areas looked incomplete it seemed they had junk piling up in corners which just cluttered the place!Breakfast was a minimal affair of the most unimaginative cereal and bread, which you could toast. Maybe some fruit would be nice!I arrived late at night so had to check in via their sister hotel the Kirkton. The following morning I went to breakfast and saw who I beleive to be the manager/owner did not even acknowledge me, something that most boutique hotels pride themselves on 'the personal touch'. Only on my final day when I was checking out did I have any kind of conversation with the staff, but by then I was just desperate to find out a little about the staff. The guy who cleans the rooms was very sweet and always said hello and good morning. There was also a younger guy on reception who I would see upon my return in the evening who was very nice and always acknowledged me!This is not a bad hotel but it is not boutique and not luxury. The foundations are in place for a hotel that could work really well but they just need to fine tune a few things and it could quite happily be a nice luxury boutique budget hotel. 