Good Value, Great Location, Average Hotel

Overall We were somewhat disappointed with the Royal Magda.I have to be honest...when I read all of the wonderful reviews, I thought this would be one of the best hotels in Europe. Having stayed there, it is a great value, but nothing to write home about. I'm still scratching my head that the Royal Magda won a Traveler's Choice award.Rooms: We switched rooms midway through the stay, to get a higher, quieter room. The street noise from the first floor is definitely noticeable, and the hotel is very old - you will know exactly when the folks above you are up and about.The rooms were small, as we expected, and there was a very heavy smell of smoke. (Not a big surprise in Paris) The bathroom was very clean, yet the shower had a door that only extended 1/2 way, so the bathroom kept getting soaked. Not a big deal, just not expected in such a highly rated hotel.Location: Fantastic. Two blocks from the Charles de Gaulle Etoile station, on the metro. A stone's throw from the Champs Elysees and the Arc de Triomphe. This was the best feature of the hotel, in our opinion.Customer Service: Johan and Flor were very friendly and accommodating. The night desk clerk was somewhat pushy and unfriendly. We wanted directions to a laundrette, and all he'd tell us was how to use their (expensive) cleaning service.Extras: We opted out of the 12 euro/day breakfast, as there were way to many brasseries in the local area. The lift was small, but worked great when lugging us up to the fifth floor. Oh, and the TV carried two English stations: BBC and CNN. It would've been great to have a non-news English station, for winding down at bedtime.Finally, I noticed in many of the other reviews for the Royal Magda, the reviewers had been given a free upgrade to a Junior Suite. I'm almost curious if this didn't skew the reviews, slightly. We weren't upgraded, so maybe our experience was a bit different than others.I'd recommend the Royal Magda for budget travelers looking for a clean hotel for a good price. I just can't give this hotel the rave reviews that everyone else has. It wasn't one of the best hotel experiences we've had. 