Just don't expect too much

Right, it seems safe to assume that if you are looking at a review of this hotel you are looking for budget accommodation in Sydney that is clean, safe and near to the heart of things? Does the Travelodge fit the bill? Well, maybe. Be under no illusions, this is not a hotel in the normal sense. In truth it is a safe place to sleep, wash and really little more. Apart from the breakfast there are no restaurant facilities. Speaking of breakfast, do yourself a favour and eat somewhere in town as the breakfast here is not really worth the money. Cereals, fruit juice, ham, cheese and some sterile mhot items make up the list but they don't amount to much, so if you can eat elsewhere.The reception staff are by and large frazzled and really do't mind much if you stay or not. It is like a low cost airline, another punter will be along soon, so perhaps because they are so busy they have no real interest in you. When I booked onnthe hotel website I asked if I could be given an early check in as I was coming on a flight from the UK. When I arrived we were told check-in was 2pm and no room coulod be released until then. OK perhaps they were full, but the provision of shower facilities might have been considered as I suspect that many guests arrive after long travel.The room was a good size and almost acceptably clean. The wall in the bathroom had stains on it and this could and should have been cleaned. This was a minor issue and for the money I thought the room was actually quite good. Although some people have said the rooms can be noisey, I heard nothing at all. Yes the hotel can be over-run with school kids, but what do you expect, it's that kind of place. To be honest you can get noisy guests in the most expensive hotels.I thought the area around the hotel was very uninspiring and there were no real restaurants worth speaking of. Take a 10 dollar taxi ride to the Sydney Harbour area or to downtown and you will get your fill of restaurants. Walking to downtown will take about 30 minutes so factor that in when deciding where to stayIn short, the Travelodge is basic so expect no frills. the breakfast is expensive and not worth it and there is no restaurant. However if you get the price right and want clean and warm accommodation then this might be the place for you. One last point, they do have a very security conscious left luggage facility, especially if you have a laptop computer - full marks on that regard. 5 star it isn't, basic but acceptable it is. Pay your money and make your choice, the Travelodge is proof that you do get what you pay for. 