Service is a fine art at Hotel Arts

Upon my arrival, the bell captain swiftly removed the luggage from the taxi and whisked it away. One enters a small lobby with two sofas, and a wonderful French delicatessen, &quot;Hediard&quot;. Two lifts lead into the main lobby of the hotel. The reception area is stylish, if a little bland and international, a frosted glass chandelier looking most out of place. Receptionist was swift and efficient, and obliged my request for a sea view room (having only reserved a city view) on a high floor. To access the rooms, one leaves the lobby down a passageway which has various vases and cut flowers decorating it, to yet another lobby housing the six lifts. Lifts are lined in a burr wood, with the only mirrors being the doors. The corridors leading to the bedrooms are a little bland, lifted only by the occasional painting. The bedroom comprised a small lobby with two double (single hanging) wardrobes, which led into a very long, but rather narrow room with a marvellous &quot;wide screen&quot; picture window with views over the pool, marina, and ocean beyond. The bathroom, to my surprise, felt rather dated, with peachy cream sanitary-ware. No Bulgari toiletries (as noted in other reviews), but ones created &quot;exclusively for Hotel Arts&quot; by some squiggled signatured company in &quot;Hong Kong and New York&quot;. That said, they were of a relatively good standard. The bathtub was long and wide, but took a terribly long time to fill to a suitable depth. A toilet and bidet were contained in a screened off area, as was the shower cubicle. Unfortunately, as I was to discover, the seal on the shower door wasn't as flush/tight as it should have been. The combination of two side jets and one fixed head led to one finding the entire bathroom flooded upon exiting the shower. I wondered whether, perhaps, I had left the door slightly ajar, however, when the bathroom was flooded yet again on the next day, I realised it was the seal at fault. The staff were very quick in mopping up the soaking floor, and replacing the towels that I had used in an effort to dry the floor. The bed was comfortable, but still had old fashioned sheets, not a more modern duvet. The control panel (for speakers, blind, and lights) beside the bed which incorporated an alarm clock was a very well thought out feature. One could wake up and at the touch of a button be greeted by ocean views! The Bang  Olufsen stereo was sadly not supplemented by speakers of comparable quantity, those provided were a little feeble and lacking depth of sound - a shame to waste such a great system on them. The television was a little awkwardly placed if one had wanted to watch it in bed. No video library rendered the thoughtfully provided VCR useless - does one really travel with video cassettes? DVDs perhaps, but not videos! A previous reviewer had commented on the &quot;cheap&quot; fitted furniture. In fact, it is cleverly designed laminated furniture so as to blend in with the wallpaper, and not become a feature in itself. All cupboards were well lit. An iron was provided in the room, along with an ironing board, something I find a little strange for a deluxe property. There were other American school touches like this throughout the entire hotel, nothing wrong, just a little out of place.The gardens were small, but well landscaped and incorporating terraces for bars, restaurants and a pool deck. The pool was ludicrously small for such a large property, the sun loungers started to free up in the late afternoon. Pool staff did not speak English of any standard - they did not understand when asked for &quot;towels&quot; even when coupled with a drying gesture. Loungers were available in single or double sizes, and some had &quot;tents&quot; enveloping them, presumably for those who prefer the shade. Complimentary bottles of chilled water, and apples were available, and even sun lotion and champagne at extra cost. The lobby area behind the reception contained a small lounging area filled with sofas, deep seated leather chairs and a selection of coffee table books about fashion, architecture and travel. Lemon and minted water was provided in large jugs in the centre of this room. Off of here was a restaurant - a small menu, with lighter dishes that sounded very sickly. On the opposite side was a breakfast room cum lounge, containing more low sofas and deep chairs. A gas fire burnt night and day to serve as a focal point. In the summer this seems ridiculous, style for style's sake, some function and logic would have been much appreciated. This room led into the bar, a small room with yet more low chairs and banquettes decorated with black and white photography of the Marx brothers. A small &quot;walk-in&quot; humidor in one corner with the bar running along the length of the room. Drinks were steeply, and irregularly priced. A mojito (well made, and a generous size) was priced the same as a champagne cocktail at 16EUR - fine for the latter, but too much for the former. Martinis were all 13EUR. It seemed as if they had been rather lazy and thoughtless in pricing the drinks, almost with the attitude &quot;if you can afford to stay here, anything goes&quot; Service was prompt and efficient. I will note that the cigars were all cheaper than if shop bought in the UK, but I imagine this is something more to do with duty/taxes rather than the hotel's generosity.The restaurant where one took a buffet breakfast (the name has recently changed and is no longer that advertised in the room) had a large terrace with equally large and cumbersome pieces of wooden furniture. Service, as in the bar, was prompt and efficient, copious amounts of fresh orange juice, and good quality (but by no means the best) coffee was offered by waitresses who continually swanned around. The buffet itself has the usual breads, fruits and pastries. Most notable were the bagels (another American touch), Moet et Chandon champagne, and fresh strawberries with cream that were provided. 25EUR + 7% tax seems relatively good value when compared to other dining options at this property. I took breakfast on three out of five mornings, whilst it is not the best hotel breakfast I've had, it is one of the best, certainly recommended. I should also point out that the restaurant offers an la carte breakfast menu, but after one would've ordered orange juice and coffee, it is more cost effective to have had the buffet and had only a few things.Arola had an excellent menu, however, on the evening I had decided to try it, I was informed (in the morning) that it was fully booked. If I had known it would be so popular I would've booked it upon my arrival, I feel that the receptionist should have not overlooked this when checking me into the hotel, at the very least there should be a note in the room advising very early booking. Instead I dined at the main restaurant (Enoteca Bombasti - or words to that effect!). Again I noted the weird pricing system. Starters ranged in price from 10EUR-28EUR (excluding caviar), and main/fish courses from 18-32EUR. The starters seem overpriced, and the main courses slightly underpriced, this is inconsequential, but looks strange on the menu. Food was well presented, if a little sickly at times, but all in all, an enjoyable meal. The poolside restaurant was very casual, and offered a light menu, pizzas, grilled meats, and suchlike; it was also of an equally high standard, with efficient and courteous service. I did not take any other meals at the hotel, but it all seemed to be pretty international fare.Service was very American styled: &quot;It is my pleasure, have a nice day&quot;, which was polite, if rather insincere, but this cannot really be criticised. The concierge was excellent, pointing out various places of interest and locating them on a map, as well as shopping suggestions - they cannot be blamed for Barcelona's lack of quality shopping. When I requested the room to be serviced within the hour, they obliged, with smiles on their faces.As a last note, the hotel lacked atmosphere, this was due to the guests staying there. Mainly brash Britons from Essex (read Louis Vuitton obsessives), and various sections of American society; ranging from older people &quot;on vacation&quot; to terribly green corporate types; one man asked his colleague, after touching his trousers &quot;are they wool&quot; followed by, &quot;am I dressed okay?&quot; how green! During the day people walked around the lobby in sandals, and shorts, which is acceptable given the casual and resort nature of the hotel. However, at 11PM I do not expect to see people walking barefoot (mainly Americans I am afraid) though the hotel. There was no grand or even stylish atmosphere, the hotel had a rather too corporate emphasis on things. If I were to return to the city (which I won't be) I would stay there again as it was such a relief to escape the madness of the city centre and walk along the pleasant (if corpse like) beach. 