In a word - pants! (ie This hotel is crap)

I stayed at this hotel on business - it is one of 2 hotels in Amsterdam my company recommends/requires us to stay in due to a global contract. All I can say is this must be easy money for them as they are not working hard to maintain their relationship with the large multinational I work for....I came to Holland to attend a training course and I planned to spend 1 night in Amsterdam.I travelled from Asia so was looking for a nice clean place to rest and enjoy Amsterdam for the day if I felt up to it.All they had left when I booked 2 weeks ahead was an executive room for 250euros which seemed reasonable for the central location.When I arrived at the hotel at 8am on the Saturday I was advised that the exec room was not yet available but I could upgrade to a suite for 20Euros. This sounded good to me as I was keen to settle in after my long flight. I was provided with a key and given some directions to the room, this was in the older part of the hotel and involved several turns and descents of stairs before finally arriving at the 'suite' which was located at the bottom of a steep flight of stairs. On opening the door I was greeted by a stong smell of old carpets and I was not impressed with the condition of the rooms - the suite was dark and dingy and was at street level - facing one of the busiest streets in Amsterdam. Considering the depressing ambiance and lack of freshness of the room I decided to complain. I had read on a few websites that some of the rooms had not been refurbished and were of a much lower standard than the rest and this seemed to be one of them.The hotel staff were not helpful when I complained and they maintained that this room had recently been refurbished. After some discussion it turned out there are 2 areas of the hotel the new part is the garden wing, I was in the older part. After some persistence they offered to show me to another suite. This time a porter took me to the room and it was an improvement the first - brighter and on a higher floor so I agreed to move to it. After I had settled in I decided to have a shower and at this point I discovered there was a used towel hanging on the back of the door, nearby I also later discovered 2 large pieces of broken glass (from a tumbler) on the floor which I could have easily have stepped on. During the rest of my stay I also noted peeling wallpaper in some areas and in others the walls were covered with pencil scribbles - the room was better than the first but was still pretty tired looking.So in summary I found this hotel very disappointing for the 270Euros I spent on it. I find it amazing that this is one of only 2 hotels in Amsterdam city that my company has selected. When travelling all I'm looking for is a reasonable sized, clean room in a central part of the city and this hotel only has the central box ticked in my book. I do not believe my experience is atypical considering the 'relaxed' attitude of the staff - to be honest they were pretty rude. 