I wish I had booked at the Westin instead

My husband and I are frequent guests of Starwood properties, in fact they are our preferred hotels. We typically stay at Westin's but wanted to give the W Hotel a try because we thought it would be a better, swankier hotel.  While our dinner at Earth  Ocean was delicious, we were very disappointed by several things. The front desk and concierge were down right rude and not at all helpful. We felt as though they didn't want to be bothered by a hotel guest.The workout facility at the hotel, in short, was downright awful. A hotel of this caliber cannot have such poor equipment in such a cramped, depressing space and expect people to believe this is a luxury hotel. Imagine a guest room with the furniture removed and then replaced with broken, out dated exercise equipment. Thankfully we had a friend in town who gave us passes to the Washington Athletic Club -- which was AMAZING. We were also disappointed to discover that the W does not provide an in-room coffee pot. This seems like such a standard thing these days. Why don't they have one at this hotel?Another thing that bothered us was the lack of lighting in the hallways. We actually laughed when we tried to get into our room b/c we couldn't see the card reader on our door. There is hip, and then there is just plain stupid. Finally, we requested and received a room on one of the non-smoking floors. One of the other patrons on the floor ignored the hotels' rules and smoked in their room four out of the five days we were there (we assumed they checked out before us). We called guest services the first day, no longer able to tolerate the smell in our room, and were told something would be said to them or they would be asked to move to the smoking floor. They were not spoken to. After calling guest services again on the third day they told us they would move US to a different room...I couldn't understand why we would be inconvenienced instead of those who were not complying with the rules of the hotel. It was clear that they never said anything to the guests who were smoking b/c it didn't stop. We gave up and breathed in the smoke for the rest of our stay. Given that the price to stay at the W Seattle and the Westin Seattle are virtually the same, and the amenties at the Westin are SO much better; we will NEVER stay at the W Seattle again. I wish I had booked the Westin. 