All-hype!!!

Very disappointed! I may be the odd man out as the previous reviewers were ecstatic about their stay at this hotel. Count me out. I too was impressed with the reviews that's why I chose this hotel for my family to stay in while in Sydney. We stayed there between March 24-28. We occupied two rooms because we are a family of five. Our check-in was a breeze, reception was helpful. When we got to our room, it was tastefully chic and modern. But the room was too small for a five star hotel. Bathroom looked elegant but beware---it was filthy! I was about to use the bathtub after a long day of touring, when I noticed a greenish stain on the tub's walls. Thought it was discoloration or something. To my horror, it was soap scum maybe from the previous occupants of the room. Checked the other bathroom where my children were and bathtub was also dirty.Complained to the housekeeping and they sent someone to clean it up.Becoming a little more cautious, I looked around and towel and tissue holders were dusty. Bath towels are tattered and some looked old and stained. Most of their towel bath mats canot be properly placed on the floor because some threads must have been caught in the washer or dryer (I really don't know)and this did not only happen once but all the time we were there for four nights.Newspapers had to be requested. And usually it will come in late when already left our hotel. Bathroom amenites were limited. They don't even have a sewing kit and a toothbrush which is standard in most of five star hotels.Breakfast was excellent though, we had buffet everyday and I must say the food quality is very good. But it's not the same with service by some of the staff. The chef (a big,old guy with an attitude) at the omelette station was arrogant. My husband politely asked him if he could have spanish omelette and he sarcastically responded that spanish omelette are made of many things. He said just choose from what they have. My husband is no chef thus the lack of knowledge, but he could have just politely ask him to choose from the available ingredients. He was obviously ridiculing him. Within the hearing distance of other guests.When it's my 11 year old son's turn, he was a bit shy to ask him and spoke in a rather low voice (maybe he was terrified with his attitude), he again in a loud voice ordered him to speak louder. But then, when a bunch of caucasian guys came, they were greeted by this man with enthusiasm. Even exchanging stories with them and giving tips on how to gamble wisely. He was so very willing to serve them.You see, we are Asians. I did not felt humiliated in other hotels as we were at this supposedly five star hotel. We've been travelling in different parts of the globe, from US to Asia but this man had displayed the most obnoxious attitude towards us. Some of the hotel's staff in the restaurant also displayed coldness and indifference. Never had this experience in other four or five stars hotel before.Before we were in Sydney, we visited Brisbane. And Sheraton paled in comparison to that hotel we stayed in brisbane (well, it's Conrad Treasury)Before we left, I handed a letter to the reception regarding my complaint.Whether it reaches the manager or not, I really don't know.I would say...yes..Sheraton got chic, modern rooms. Yeah, nice lobby. But the thoughtful consideration of the guests needs were overlooked. They lacked the basics. Comfortably sized room, clean bathroom with fresh, plump towels, storage space for luggage and some drawers for small things, and most of all, the warmth and sincere service of people who would welcome travellers regardless of their stature and race. We too, just like the others are paying costumers. We deserve, the same service, the same experience. Sheraton at the Park? Naaah. Never again!!! 