Good location, ugly rooms

Location of this hotel is excellent, right in front of the Royal Palace. But that's basically it. First of all I have to say that we won this hotel with Priceline at around $160/night (not exactly cheap, considering we won much better hotels in Germany for less than half that price)This is important because it seems that they have very different room levels. This is understandable and I'm aware that when I book with Priceline I might receive the worse rooms of the hotels I win. The problem is that this facility is officially a 5-star rating hotel, but the rooms they give to Priceline users are much worse than what you'd expect in a 3 star hotel.The first room they gave us was officially a non-smoking room, but it smelled like a cigar lounge. I complained and was given another room, just a few doors down. This time it did not smell, but -as the first one- it was simply ugly: small, dirty, rundown and with a horrible bathroom. Suffice it to say that it does not even have a real door, just a couple of saloon-like shutters. Not only it looked old and dirty, it was also one of the smallest bathrooms I've ever seen.When you check-in, be aware that if you are given a room in the back of the hotel, reachable through elevator #5, you are going to have a terrible experience.On the other hand, the public spaces of the hotel are very nice, although they too look pretty old, and would need a renovation.The Winter Garden where the breakfast buffet is prepared is very nice, although I'm not sure the buffet itself is worth the high price. If you don't want to spend that much, there are a few places that sell bread, croissants and rolls just a few meters from the hotel (especially on Damrak). Otherwise the department store that is just outside the hotel (on the right, looking at the Royal Palace) has a nice cafeteria.Also, if you arrive in Amsterdam by car, be prepared to spend an arm and a leg for parking: we parked at the Krasnapolsky's garage and we paid EUR 47.50 (~$75) per night!This hotel might be a 5-star when paying full price and given the best rooms, but it hardly clinches 3-stars level when given 'Priceline rooms'. I would not stay here again. 