Nothing Worse!

I am shocked by the other reviews. I travel for business on a daily basis and I stay at hotels all over the world. I have never been at a hotel that I wanted to leave so fast. They claim to be a five star.. if you have stayed at a five star (or even a three star)anywhere in the world you would recognize this place should be rated at no more than a three star.Rooms are decent I will give them credit for that and location is decent... However my understanding of what makes you a five star versus a 3 or four star is the service....First I was called and then sent a letter to the room to find out if the front check in attendant asked me for money.. I said yes she asked me for an extra 50 Euro and it was standard request.. The lady on the phone says .. well we understand there is a problem and we will credit your account.. however you might have trouble if you order room service... I was shocked needless to say that they basically accused the front desk of stealing... I make the next biggest mistake of going to eat at the resturant.. and eating... I got violently ill... I spent the next day in bed... I return to the Bar the next night after recovering.. and the bar tender asks me how my night was ... I mention how ill I got and he asked what I ate I mentioned it an he shook his head and bought me a shot... WHAT???? Then I have been paying 20 Euros a night for internet.. I called down on the 4th day and said I have not been able to stay connected for more that 5 minutes... I was told it wasn't there problem call a international number... ( I was rude and I said) I thought this was a five star hotel that I am paying a decent amount to stay at and ---I was told would you like me to give you the number again.... I said no I do not want the number again and I was hung up on....So again the hotel is nice.. the rooms are decent.. but if you are coming here for the service that you expect for wha they claim to be... I would recommend saying at a Hostel they would be much more courtesy that the service I received here. I was absolutley appauled.. I know I was rude with the last comment. However it was honest. I wish I experienced the service that the previous guests experienced. 