lune de miel!

Only stayed in Paris once before this, at the Campanile on Boulevard Berthier, so Le Walt was a step up for us as we wanted to treat ourselves this time, with it being our honeymoon. We were very pleasantly surprised.I'd mailed ahead and told them it was our honeymoon and that we wanted a room with a view of the tower. For some reason (even though I'd given our visa card number) they would only say they would do their best, they didn't guarantee us a tower view.We did actually get room 601 which has a really good view of the tower and was perfect for seeing the fireworks on the 14th!There are numerous places to eat in the area, there is a supermarket over the road so take your kettle so you can have coffee in your room. There is a Boulanger a few doors up if you decided to buy croissants, baguettes, eclairs etc and the metro is literally right outside.As the breakfast in the hotel was 13€ piece for just a continental style buffet breakfast, we thought we'd head out and see if we could find somewhere cheaper. To be honest, you'll be hard pressed to find a cheaper breakfast unless you buy croissants yourself from the Boulanger or supermarket (which we did do) they are about 77cents each. We brought our own coffee, tea bags and a kettle and we got milk from the supermarket across the road from our hotel. We really did make a good choice of hotels, all the amenities right on the doorstep! We did eat breakfast in the hotel on the last day though for convenience and it was very good; fruit juice, coffee, cake, rolls, croissants, pain au chocolat, cereals, cold meats and cheeses (as much as you like, buffet style). That would fill you up til dinner time to be honest. So, again, you decide really. The room was beautifully decorated and immaculate with a big bath and a shower and clean towels every day.The staff are friendly and helpful.The room next door seemed to enjoy scraping their furniture across the floor (wooden floors) in the early hours, which was a bit annoying and we could even hear them walking around and lifting their loo seat so the soundproofing btwn rooms is not very good.The hotel is on a busy road so there is some traffic noise but that's the price you pay to be in a prime location I suppose. It's not too bad though.My only criticism would be that they didn't mention our honeymoon or congratulate us when we got there, a token gift or a card in the room would have made our stay a 10 out of 10. Just that little personal touch would have made such a difference. As it is, I'll give them a 9 out of 10 and would consider staying here again.A full review of our trip will eventually go on my web site if you want more in depth info, please go here http://homepage.ntlworld.com/ian.teeling/ but it will take me a few weeks to write it! :0) 