A disappointment

We have just stayed at Holiday Inn for 6 days. This is not our first time staying here but this time was a real disappointment. We booked our accommodation a long time before our stay, we were give a rate which was very reasonable and were told this had to be paid straight away to get that rate, well after many phone calls to them when we arrived for our stay the charge had still not been put through and when we left it was still not charged. Finally after we were home the charge went through on credit card, and we are not happy with the charge but have not received an emailed invoice which we had asked for.Our room was not cleaned while we were there, clean towels were supplied and that was all. I spilled some tea on the floor on our first night and it was still there when we left, and rubbish bins were not emptied, but biscuits which we had bought did disappear. On our last night I had a call from housekeeping to ask if we were happy with the cleaning. I had not at that stage mentioned anything to them about it, so this indicates to me they must of had other complaints re housekeeping.One night we attempted to have a snack meal in the restaraunt, this was necessary as the bar was closed for renovations, something I think we should of been told before we arrived, because as we were there in a group, this was a place we had used alot on previous visits. This meal would have to be the worst dining experience I have had anywhere. On entering the restaruant we were told by other guests just leaving not to go there as it was terrible, as we were only having snacks we thought it should be ok, how wrong were were. There we 10 of us in our group, we all ordered drinks, of which our first two choices of wine and beer were not available, in the end out of 10 of us 3 people got a drink. The food was not much better, most of it was cold, and most was sent back, to be reheated. In the end 2 of our group left with nothing to eat at all. The staff on duty were very rude and immature, even slamming doors. When we said we were going to complain the attitude of the manager that night, changed and she tried to be oh so pleasant. They did not charge us for the 3 drinks in the end, but this was far from satisfactory. We made a written complaint to the hotel to which no reply has been received. We have stayed here many times before and the location is just fabulous. This time has been a real let down.Once before when we stayed we had a really noisy room and as the hotel was full we could not be moved, I was told that on my next visit I would receive a discount, this has never been received. I feel that the communication skills of the staff need to be addressed. 