Questionable Style, Bogus Ranking

My partner and I are very fond of Kimpton properties, especially their knack for picking historical venues to re-do and make into special hotels. This property is not like many of the others. The design looks almost Disney-ish and is over the top with regard to the nautical theme, so be prepared. I would guess you either hate it or love it. We hated it.But beyond the issue of design taste, there appears to be a larger issue with service and attitude here that we rarely have seen at other Kimpton hotels. We had booked a weekend of three nights in a deluxe bay view room with a king bed, paying an additional 100 bucks for the benefit. When we got to our room it had two queen beds so we knew we got put in the wrong place.Upon returning to the front desk we met Mason, who told us that we had paid for the view and not the bed configuration, and that he could put us in a king bed the second night. Bad form. So we said we'd be willing to do that, however we didn't expect to pay the upcharge for a room that wasn't what we had booked. The view is nothing if you are cramped in a bed smaller than what you have at home. Mason asked us if we had booked on Expedia as if we had made some second-rate reservation. We booked directly with Kimpton, so this was not the case, though we noted the show of attitude. Surprisigly bad... Thus began about 30 minutes of arguing, Can we see your manager..., etc. - you know the drill... We checked out soon there-after.Long story short, they never apologized for the mixup even one time. Never once said I'm sorry. They acted like it was our mistake, and their official statement was that they do not guarantee bed type no matter what you paid for. I showed him my reservation and the fact that it said plainly Deluxe King room with a Bay View... It didn't seem to matter to them that we had it in writing. In fact if you do look on sites like Expedia or Travelocity - that is what you will find even today. When you have it in an email from Kimpton and they don't honor it...this is a reason to never stay with them again.There is no way the Argonaut shoud have a number 2 ranking on TripAdvisor. This just isn't a classy San Francisco property or experience. I have this advice to the web-inclined for travel; If the place looks tacky in a little 72 dpi photo...well guess what - it only get's worse. 