Horrible Experience with the Management

My stay at the Omni San Francisco started out poorly when I requested a double room (with two double beds) but received a queen room (with one queen). I asked for a rollaway bed, and ages later received a ridiculous inflatable bed not suitable for a comfortable night's sleep. I managed, but it was very uncomfortable. The worst part, however, came after my stay when I had a $300 charge on my credit card. I called to inquire about the charge and they proceeded to tell me it was for room damage. I had no idea what they were talking about and after further investigation, they told me there was a hole in the wall of the room we stayed in. I of course asked for the manager to call me, and was extremely taken aback at how I was treated. He was pompous and rude and immediately accused me of putting the hole in the wall. He assured me there was no way his staff would have missed the hole and rented out a room in such a state. I told him that they did, and that my friend (who I immediately phoned afterwards) actually saw the hole but forgot to mention it to me (it was at the bottom of the wall near the baseboard in the hallway near the door, making it easy to miss). After I relayed this to the manager, he made a snide remark about how guests of his hotel are high-class and would call and complain if they received a room with a hole in the wall. Having no idea of the consequences of not reporting the hole, my friend didn't feel he needed to say anything and thus I never knew about it. The manager was horribly condescending and from his last remark implied that I was not a high-class guest and &quot;didn't belong&quot; at his hotel. I again assured him that the hole was not from me and he had no proof. He again insisted that his staff does not make mistakes and would never rent out a room with a hole in the wall. I was not going to budge and insisted that he reverse the charge. After going back and forth for awhile, he finally succumbed and reversed the charge. However, I was left with a bad taste in my mouth. I should not have had to defend my honor, and I knew he thought I was lying even after he reversed the charge. Even though I got the charge reversed, I still didn't feel like I won. This hotel should not be four-star, as four-star hotels would never treat their guests like this. The Omni San Francisco is a third-rate hotel with mediocre customer service and horrible management. Yes, it was bad luck that I got that room, but my experience with the management was enough to make me write this review and encourage travelers to stay somewhere else. 