Don't Give Them a Chance to Ruin Your Vacation

The location of this hotel is great. That's it. If you simply need a room, you can get something just as nice, for less, elsewhere. If you will need any kind of service: help getting cabs, dinner reservations, laundry, renting bicycles, storing your bags or even someone to hold the door as you struggle with your luggage, do not choose the W Seattle. We stayed for the Fourth of July weekend. We waited to talk to the concierege 3 times. Each time it took fifteen minutes for anyone to help us, and each time, the person in that position began his reponse by asking if we were sure we wanted him to check on our requests. For instance, I requested the conierge make an arrangement with a taxi for the end of our dinner. We were headed to the space needle afterwards. His response was well, I don't think you'll be able to get a cab tonight. It's really busy. Are you sure you want me to call? You should probably try calling them yourselves. We had already called, and I don't fault the guy for failing (although, having bus schedules on hand seems like a prudent alternative), but of course I want him to call! I just waited 15 minutes to see if the W name would help us at all.We cut our losses when we tried to rent bikes. After waiting 15 minutes, we weren't even the second group in line. Calling from the room did little good either.Another time, I watched the concierge tell a woman that there was nowhere she could dine on the Fourth of July. Afterwards, I pulled her aside and gave her the list of places I had found on my own (I spent no more than 20 minutes on this research). I had already called the places, and all said they were slow for the Fourth and thus had plenty of room. Bear in mind that I had never even been to Seattle before that weekend. In fact, at the time of the conversation, I had barely been there 24 hours. I also have to mention that I did all of this research through my mobile phone because the W Seattle does not provide free WiFi. They don't want to help you find anything, and they don't want you to find it on your own either. It's like a casino where everything is designed to keep you within the establishment. We had to hail our own cabs right outside the hotel, and on our last day, as we were leaving, the doormen were too busy talking to one another to help me when I tripped going out the door. It was absurd. I feel it would be diffiult to reach this level of incompetence without some intentional effort. These people have forgotten that they are a part of someone else's rare and hard-earned vacation. Don't give them a chance to ruin yours.I hear the food is good, but the service was so bad, I had no desire to stay in the hotel and try it. 