Great location, bad management

This hotel, recently liberated from the Marriot chain, heavily promoted itself on Expedia. For something special, my husband and I treated my mom to a 60th birthday trip in San Francisco. I wanted a special hotel, but could not afford the W. The price was right for this place, the location was EXCELLENT - around the corner from the cable car, across the street from the BART station and the big, new Westfield shopping center, and a few blocks from Union square. The room was clean, the beds were comfortable - soft pillows, feather comfortors. I even had room service bring tea - a charming Chinese gentleman delivered it with new years wishes and lots of giggles. BUT - and this is the big BUT - we were not given our room until 2AM!!!!!!! We checked in at 9 PM. Fortunately, my mom and I checked in the day before, so we were able to put our 2 young sons to bed in her room. My husband and I waited 5 hours in the lobby, mostly standing in line with about 25 other very hostile guests, waiting for our room. There was a couple who had spent 25 hours traveling from Caracas, VZ, a man with Parkinson's disease who desperately needed rest, and a long list of other stories. In addition to all of this, the hotel staff repeatedly double assigned rooms. They would send a relieved guest up to a room, only to have them return to say someone was already in it!!! Can you imagine how mortifyingly embarrassing that must have been for both parties???? This happened at least 4 times by my count. When we were given our room assignment, we made the staff call the room before we went up. The other part that was so awful was that we were told 3 times that our room would be ready in 30 minutes, and to come back. It took at least 1 hour to get through the line. My question is, why didn't the staff let people know what was going on? They knew the rooms wouldn't be ready, with only the small night cleaning staff and a number of very late check-outs (Singapore Air has a regular contract, I guess). Really unconscionable! My husband refused the offer of a free breakfast (hah!) and demanded the room for free - which is what we got. If you want to stay in this hotel, you are rolling the dice with your time and relaxation. 