Horrible Treatment

I have never been treated so poorly by hotel staff. Let me start by saying that I had pre-payed for 2 rooms for 3 nights beginning on the 9th of June 2008. We had just arrived from a long haul flight from Vancouver Canada, we were dead tired and travelling with a toddler. When we arrived at the hotel I was told by the check-in lady that there was a problem which was nothing bad and that her colleage was coming to talk to me. This colleage was the assistant front manager named Antje Kuschel. We were informed by Antje that the hotel had made an overbooking error and would have to relocate to another hotel in the area. All of my efforts to explain that I had booked the Cocorde because I specifically wanted a new, modern hotel with large rooms were in vain. I was told that the hotel was all full, and inspite of the fact that we had pre-paid to stay there, we would have to move. There was a convention taking place in the hotel at the time (Hewlett Packard). After buying us complimentary drinks in the restaurant, we were sent to the Streigenberger Hotel down the street where we were told that we were being given deluxe rooms, an apparent upgrade from the standard rooms which we had booked at the Concorde.The rooms at the Steigenberger were terrible. The beds were queen sized (not the king which I had booked at the Concorde), the rooms old and tired and the curtains did not cover the window and had big holes in the blackout. None of this was the fault of the Steigenberger, they made every attempt to accomodate us and find rooms which made us happy. Antje never checked back to see if we were indeed happy or made any effort to accompany us to the new hotel. We were simply dumped there.That evening I returned to the Concorde and spoke with Antje once again. She was made aware of my unhappiness with the substituted hotel rooms. She apologized profusely and said that she would absolutely get us moved back into the Concorde the next night. I asked twice if she had our contact info, she said yes, she would get a message to us at the Steigenberger ASAP. Long story short, I NEVER heard from her again in spite of checking front desk messages and voicemail repeatedly. Two days later I returned to the desk at the Concorde in order to ask Antje what had happened and was informed that she had been off for the last two days.In my opinion, the Concorde never had any intention of attempting to make the situation right. The whole experience was horrible and ruined our trip to Berlin. This hotel seriously needs to rehtink how it handles its booking process and customer relations. 