Worst stay ever anywhere

We arrived at the hotel at 4pm, and there were no towels in the room. I was told they would send some up. An hour later I was told they would send some up. I was told this until 8pm, when I was told they were out of towels in the hotel until 9pm.I had also reserved a room with 2 queen beds and got a room with 2 large twin beds, not even full sized where my wife and I could not sleep in one bed (we are not that large either).I had read a prior review complaning about the fact the hotel had run out of the free morning biscotti's as promised to quests. That did not happen to us. They sliced the biscotti's into 1/4 inch slices so all quests were assured to get a crumb, if they wanted (no one was taking them)I asked to speak to a manager the night we aRRIVED TO DISCUSS THE TOWELS. i WAS TOLD NONE WERE AVAILABLE. i asked again the next morning, and was once again told none were available that day. I called again the next day upon returning home (long distance at my expense) and kept getting looped to the 800 central reservations numver. When I asked one of those people if I could speak to a manager or supervisor I was told none were available to talk to customers.I left home at 5am the night of my stay and paid extra to get what we thought was going to be a nice room in the central warf area of the city the night before taking our son to Stanford for summer school and have a night on the town. After driving all day, and not only not being able to take a shower until after 9pm (arriving at 4pm) but being lied to every hour and forced to wait for towels based upon these lies, our night on the town was reduced to waiting in a very small, dingy hotel room with beds we could not all even sleep on. My wife and son rotated trying to sleep on a small chair.I have never in my life stayed at a hotel, especially one this expensive that did not even have towels for their guests, lied about that and the bed sizes, and were so un-helpful witrh anything we needed.There are plenty of other hotelsd in this area, any of them have to be better than this was. 