Rooms vary largely

Encouraged by the positive reviews posted earlier and the room rate of EUR 54 per night on accomline, I have booked the Agon Frankfurter Allee for a three night stay from 30th Dec'05 to 2nd Jan'06. On the booking website, you could choose between twin and double room and we choose a double. However, we were given a twin room instead. When I asked the hotel staff, they said that they never distinguish between double and twin bookings and just assign rooms for two persons. They also don't care about smoking and non-smoking requests. Even the room they claimed to be a non-smoking had a strong smell of smoke which is no wonder since there wasn't any sign indicating that this should be a non-smoking. Since we insisted on a double room (instead of the twin given), we were moved after the first night. You should know that even their double rooms have two separate beds which are just put together. The rooms vary greatly in size and layout. The blanket and pillows were so thin that even putting the radiator to maximum, we were freezing the whole night and caught a flu (the temperatures outside were below zero degrees centigrade). Another problem was the security of the hotel. Since the entrance was half a floor higher than the reception, you could just walk in and take the elevator to the guest floors without passing at the reception. There were also no in-room safes available. In the showerroom, there was no hairdryer provided and it took me a day until I found out that you could borrow one at reception. However, you will need to place a 10 EUR deposit. The hotel was mostly frequented by travellers in their twenties from all over the world which added to the atmosphere being a bit hostel-like. One nice touch should be mentioned: There is an internet-computer available near the reception which can be used free of charge by hotel guests.The location is not so central. You will always need a subway (station is nearby) which takes at least 15 minutes to bring you to Alexanderplatz. For those unfamiliar with the Berlin subway system: It is quite complicated. Trains appear dirty and I didn't feel really safe at night. However, since the attractions are spread out widely, you will have difficulties to avoid it anyway. A few nice restaurants (my recommendation: a Thai restaurant called Lemongrass) can be reached within a few minutes of walking around the hotel. Overall, the hotel is ok for a short city trip, but don't expect anything comfortable as some other reviews suggest. The saying: You get what you paid for holds true: Clean and relatively new, but standard budget accommodation. 