Holy Grail Why the Holy Grail?

Simple really. I've spent my travel history attempting to book my family into places that are:1)Clean2)Interesting3)Classy4)Reasonably priced5)Logistically appropriateI can't say enough about the WaterTown. The only hotel I've ever stayed that met all of the above criteria. The fact is that I've basically given up on hotels when my wife and I travel in favor of upscale BBs - but with kids, a hotel really is the only option sometimes. I've stayed in &quot;four stars&quot; that are three times as expensive as the WT, just because they have marble in the foyer and cracker box rooms with hair left in the bathtub! Geez! If you wanna pay for that, smell churros from the pier all night, and listen to noise from the pseudo-hipster-doofus bar downstairs just to be &quot;downtown&quot; then by all means, go for it.The WT is cool, fun, clean, clean, CLEAN, and three blocks from U of W. We took strolls on the campus every evening after returning from (the short drive) downtown, and it is the finest campus I've ever been on (including Harvard). Be sure to check it out, and even pop into the library (the old main one, not the law library) if you can - truly an amazing place with stained glass and castle-like architecture.The neighborhood around the WT is totally cool - infused with college town type dining and shops. My kids really enjoyed watching the U of W students plodding to class every morning from the breakfast bar windows.Speaking of breakfast, I figure we saved at least $100 over the course of our stay not having to eat out every morning. This isn't the typical continental breakfast either hard boiled eggs, bagels, toast, juices, french toast, fresh fruit, Starbucks (thank-god) coffee, and other items. The staff appears to mostly be U of W students (guessing) and they were totally polite, helpful, and informative. The staff even went out of their way to assist me when my son and I brought home 25 pounds of freshly caught salmon. They made room in the hotel refrigerator to store our huge fish.When we returned from fishing on Puget (try Fish Finders Charters - they're awesome) we were able to wash our totally fishy clothing in the FREE hallway washer and dryer provided for the suites on each floor. There are coin-operated units downstairs for non-suites, but even that is rare for a hotel in my opinion. Okay. Enough already. What are the negatives? Parking (secure, under the hotel) can be a bit tight if you arrive late on a weekend.What can I say? The WT has my loyalty and no other hotel in my 42 years has been able to accomplish that. And we are a PICKY family, believe me. The #1 or #2 or whatever rating was right on baby! 