great bed!

When you arrive,we stayed between the 23/05/08 -25/05/08, you straight away notice that you are in a luxury hotel. I liked that the bell boy was a young German woman. Check in was a bit confusing as we didn't seem to be speaking the same English. We had booked a regular room b/b. When we checked in we asked for a nice room with a view, so she offered us a superior room or an executive room with free internet for 70 euros and breakfast in the executive lounge, as we here staying 2 nights we thought this was a good idea ,so we took this room. Only when I was signing did I realized that it was 70 euros per night. So my husband said no thank you. Then after a few minutes of us thinking we understood the reception lady we agreed to pay 100 euros extra for 2 nights. Only to have our key taken away and told that we would have to wait a few hours for our regular room! So we explained again that we did want the executive room. As a club member I was told that the card number was not written on the room reservation even though I had called the week before to check and I didn't like that the reception lady didn't try and help to find my number, luckily I found my card later. I must say she was polite all the time and I didn't like the feeling of that she must have thought that we did this deliberately to get a better price .Now for the good stuff, the room was great! On the 9th floor, room 976. The bath room was the size of most hotel rooms!! It came with a separate shower. The view was of eastern Germany ahead. Potsdam square to the right and Brandenburg gate to the left. Nice big TV and a big cupboard but the best was the bed!!!! King size with the Marriott special bedding, we just came from the Marriott Leipzig, so we knew how good the bed was but no one told me how much we would miss it when we got home!! I think we will have to buy one! The room has a floor to ceiling windows of which one can be opened. Which was very nice and made us realize how sound proof the room was, we could not hear a thing even though it's on a busy road. We did not use the pool and gym as we didn't have time but everything looked to Marriott standard. The executive lounge was clean, mostly quite and with nice nibbles in the evening as well as free alcohol at this time. I did notice that there were free soft drinks, beer, tea and coffee during the day. There is also a room with 3 computers for the internet and a room with a big LCD TV. I even found a quick read romance novel there! ( which I read and left there).First morning we had breakfast downstairs in the main breakfast room because we thought that we wanted more salad and fried eggs but the mess and the queue was not worth it ,so the next day we had breakfast in the executive club and felt it was much better.While staying at this hotel we didn't take any transport, we just walked around the area. There is so much to do in the area and even if you have shopping you can just pop back to the room, which is also a problem if you rest for a minute on that great bed!! You can easily take a quick nap. On the corner of Potsdam platz next to the Ritz Carlton is a good, cheapish Italian kind of fast food restaurant where get a credit card then go stand in line and order your meal e.g. ravioli with mushrooms or pizza that they make in front of your and then swipe the card, you can sit outside on the square or inside and pay at the end. Good food. Diffidently enjoyed this hotel and will go back. 