They gave away my room!

I'd booked this hotel because of its proximity to Berlin's main station where I was arriving late in the evening and leaving at the crack of dawn the next morning. I booked through Octopus who I regularly use. I'd pre-paid, my room was guaranteed for late arrival and I'd even stated on the booking notes what time I would be there.Having got there as planned at 9.30pm, the reception was packed with a tour party and I was told they had given away my room. No explanation and very little apology was offered but the receptionist brightly told me they had booked a room in another hotel for me, which when I asked to see it on a map turned out to be miles away, not to mention cheaper than the Charite. They said they would send me there in a cab and I could have a complimentary drink in the bar when I got there by way of compensation. Uh, no. Worse still they couldn't given me a cab back to the station the following day. Seeing as I had pre-paid and the hotel admitted they were aware I was arriving late this was shocking and I told them they would have to find me another hotel nearer to the station. Of course by that time of night everywhere was full, at least on the list of other Mercure Hotels or hotels they regularly dealt with. They'd also had full contact details for me on my booking form and could have contacted me at any time that day giving them time to find me a more suitably located hotel but had failed to do so. I had to kick up a huge fuss, which I'm not prone to doing, to get them to even try and rectify the situation. Their main response to anything was to say it wasn't their fault! Eventually they booked me into the Jolly Hotel Vivaldi (which was jolly nice), which took all of two seconds and they could have just done in the first place. Then they took half an hour to get me a cab. I finally got to check in to the Vivaldi at 11pm.I know that the Charite gets good reviews on here and I don't doubt them for a second, it was part of the reason I chose the hotel over others in the area, but their handling of the situation was very very poor and it should never have happened in the first place. Hopefully it was a one off. 