OK hotel; good location; watch out for construction noise

We just returned from a 3-night stay at the Hotel Warwick. I agree with previous posters that the staff is nice and the location very convenient. The hotel is an easy walk to downtown shopping areas and Seattle Center attractions. Overall, we enjoyed our stay, but there were a few problems worth mentioning.We chose this hotel in part because the rooms feature an outside balcony. My husband smokes, but I do not, and we prefer to get a smoking room with windows or an outside balcony to minimize smoke inside the room. If this is your preference, be advised that the balconies are barely wide enough to fit a human. We did not feel safe actually standing on the balcony, especially with the balcony door closed. Smokers beware: the hotel only has a few smoking rooms, all located on the second floor. This floor is where the public meeting rooms and restrooms for the restaurant and bar are located. We requested a smoking room on an upper floor with a Space Needle view. We were given a smoking room on the 2nd floor. No Space Needle, no view. This was obviously not one of the renovated rooms. The ceiling light fixtures were about a dozen 1970s-era cans (track lighting) set in rows in the ceiling, directed at the bed. It felt like starring in your very own intimate film. The bathroom also had a paper towel dispenser like in a public restroom and strange pink goo in the soap dispenser, which looked like it hadn't been changed since the track lighting was installed. The traffic noise was incredibly loud, and hotel construction noise started very early. Due to a very late flight, the desk was unable to change our room on check-in, but told us to come back the next day. We changed to a nonsmoking 7th floor room the next day, which thankfully was more updated. The traffic noise was a little better a few floors up, and we had a nice Space Needle view. The bed was comfortable, the amenities average. We liked the in-room refrigerator. There was intermittent construction noise throughout the hotel. Hotel renovations are ongoing; the noise wasn't too bad on the weekend, but I would take care if staying during the week. Also, the smoke detector in our room was not operational (the device was unhooked and sitting on top of the closet). I called maintenance to have it hooked up, but it didn't get done during our stay.We did not use the pool or jacuzzi. As a previous poster noted, the spa facilities are in the basement, and it felt too isolated for my comfort. However, we liked the bar quite a bit. Friendly staff, good drinks and draft beer selection and a nice atmosphere. We ate at the bar one night, primarily for convenience. There are certainly better places to eat in Seattle, but the food was OK and we had a nice time. The concierge was very helpful in helping us select a restaurant that was perfect for our tastes and making dinner reservations. The lobby fireplace added a cheerful, cozy ambience and we enjoyed warming up there after our sightseeing. I will probably want to check out a different hotel the next time I am in Seattle. However, if you avoid the second floor rooms and don't mind a little construction noise, the Hotel Warwick is a convenient, friendly and generally comfortable place to stay. 