Top Notch!

Well, maybe not the 4 Seasons, but if you don't want to spend $700-1k per night, this hotel is great.My wife and I just got back from the second leg of our honeymoon in Paris. Our first leg was in Florence, and you can read my review of the Hotel Porta Faenza there.I'll start by saying that I used Hilton HHonors points for a free 6-night stay at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe. I am HHonors Gold and was upgraded to an executive room on arrival. The room was large for european rooms and was very comfortable. The bed was fantastic. The bathroom had a tub and shower stall, and marble floors. The Hilton provided 2 bottles of water daily, slippers, and bathrobes.Upon arrival, there was a box of chocolates waiting for us in the room. One word of caution - if you get them, eat them. We left half the box on the table and it was removed by housekeeping when they cleaned. I didn't bother complaining about this (though we would have liked more). Anyway, the second night when we arrived back, we found a second welcome gift awaiting us. The hotel had a plate of desserts/snacks and a half-bottle of chilled champagne waiting for us.The best part of this hotel was the executive lounge. You need to have a room on the executive floor, or an exec room to get access. The lounge is open from 7:30am - 11pm, and serves food and drink all day long (all for free). There is an ample breakfast served from 7:30-10:30am. There is a coffee machine that brews cafe, espresso, cappucino all-day long. The coffee was great (even though it was machine-brewed).The lounge served free snacks all day long, including cheeses, some sort of beef stew, cookies, candy. There was free wine, champagne, liquor, bottled water, coke, etc. all day. One night we were too stuffed to go out and eat dinner. We ended several evenings with a few glasses of wine and chocolates in the lounge.The hotel is also in a good area. A very nice residential neighborhood. Not too far of a walk from the Arc or the Champes Ellysees. I debated between this hotel and the Hilton Paris by the Eiffel. We walked by the other and agreed this one is in a much nicer area in the city. We walked to the Eiffel twice...Not too far, but not too close. Unfortunately, the transit workers were on strike and so metro service was sporadic or packed while we were there. Also, they are renovating the metro stop closest to the Eiffel until next March, so walking is a nicer option.If you find yourself in Paris, there are plenty of nice hotels as I hear. I loved the service at the hilton arc. The staff was friendly, the location was nice. The hotel decor was great, and the hotel was newer and clean. The exec lounge helped a lot too. I think you can book an executive room, and the extra costs may be worthwhile if you consider the free breakfast, snacks, and booze. 