excellent hotel. perfect for getaway.

Stayed in this hotel 4 nights over Easter 2008. Fabulous location - really couldn't get any better. Only a 10-15 minute stroll to Brandenburg gate  Reichstag down the beautiful Unter Den Linden. 20-25 minutes to Potsdamer Platz. Alternatively it's around €8 in a taxi. Metro and Tram services are excellent and close by. Hotel is right adjacent to Berliner Dom (Berlin Cathedral) and the Museum Island with a huge choice of museums. Hackescher Market with it's bars and restaurants is only an 5 minute walk away.Hotel itself is very impressive. Rooms very large with big bathrooms and a walk-in shower (unusual in European Hotels). We had a room facing out towards the aquarium - it's beautiful to look at the fish from your balcony at night. Although the reception and bar area is below your window you cannot hear a single sound as the very thick, floor to ceiling glass balcony doors are soundproofed. As too are the room doors so you cannot hear any other guests or morning maid service in the hallways. The only downfall of an inner room is that you cannot get fresh air through an open window. If you prefer an outside room ask for one on an upper floor facing towards Berlin Catherdral only some 100 yards away.Staff are exceptionally helpful and courteous. Breakfast buffet is superb. There is a very nice Spa in the basement with small pool, sauna, steamroom and other therapy spa options. Be warned - the sauna and steam room does not permit swim wear i.e. it's nude (and mixed) with a towel for modesty if you prefer.My only 2 complaints are:-1. Whilst the aquarium is positioned in the hotel lobby/bar area it is not actually part of the hotel but belongs to the Aqua Dom next door. Thus in order to take a ride in the elevator up through the middle of the huge cylindrical aquarium you must pay an entrance fee to the Aqua Dom which is expensive. Sadly the hotel advertisements give the impression the aquarium is part of the hotel, however you can still enjoy stunning views of the aquarium.2. The pillows are awful, too soft. Unfortunately the hotel does not offer a pillow service and has no alternative to the ones in the room (I asked and failed). The lack of a pillow service is remarkable for a 5 star hotel. 