Dreadful service, poor experience

Dreadful service, poor experience The hotel is located about 20 minutes walking distance from Arc de Triomphe. We stayed in Paris for 8 days on our route to Italy and Monaco. We specifically picked Hilton in order to utilize our Hilton HHONORS points and get treated as a HHonor preferred member. Up until this trip, we have been going out of our way to stay in Hilton and Hilton affiliated hotels worldwide and enjoying Hilton's hospitality and service. Hilton needs to seriously consider having their name associated with this particular hotel and audit the current management structure. Hilton Arc de Triomphe provides no value for the money with zero customer service. Please my travel notes below:Hilton Act1 - The Entrance As we arrived in the morning, we were faced by a busy lobby and number of people waiting to to get checked-in at front desk. Most Hiltons have a line dedicated to HHONORS members, but there was nobody attending the HHONORS desk at the time. After 15 minutes waiting in the line, we were checked in and ushered to our room. As we entered our room, we noticed the room was not cleaned and the bed was still unmade with dirty towels all over the room. Oh great! After being so tired flying from San Francisco to Paris and now I had to deal with this I proceed downstairs with my little toddler on my side raising concerns with the assistant manager standing behind the HHONORS desk. He made an excuse that &quot;it cannot be&quot; and without apologizing said: &quot;are you sure&quot;? I showed him a picture that I just took on my digital camera!!! We were assigned a new room.Hilton Act2 - The change of sceneryOur second room was located in section C, exterior. As we entered our room and pushed the window drapes aside, we were unpleasantly surprised by the view of our room that we were going to enjoy for 8 days!!! The windows faced the back of the hotel with full view of garbage, broken wood pieces and a dirt road with flooded ground due to the recent rain. Right under our room, we noticed tour buses honking and waiting to load passengers creating unbearable noises. You don't believe me; take a look at the pictures attached. If you are staying in this hotel, DO NOT stay in section C facing the back of the hotel!!! Insist on a room facing the interior. Section A exterior is also dreadful as it faces a busy street.Hilton Act3 - I give up!!!It has been almost 2 hours since we initially entered the hotel. Being extremely frustrated, I went to the lobby again to complain about the room yet again. The assistant manager explained that interior rooms on the high floor have been reserved for the &quot;executives&quot; staying at the hotel. After insisting a new room, we were assigned a new room on section A facing the interior. That is the room we stayed throughout our stayed at Hilton.Food:As one of the high lights of the hotel, I must give credit to the hotel on their breakfast buffet. They have a great selection of American and European. If you are staying at the hotel, don't miss the breakfast buffet.SPA Services:The hotel went out of their way to advertize their SPA and SPA services. We did not use any of the services, but noticed the SPA was located in the hotels basement. As I briefly visited the SPA area, the atmosphere seems stuffy and basement like.CleanlinessThe hotel and rooms are mostly clean and in a good shape. Two major issues are the unpleasant smell of perfume throughout hallways and foul odor coming out of the hotel's plumbing and sewer. The hallways have a strange smell of mold masked with the smell of perfume. As we changed so many rooms, we walked around the hotel and visited at least four floors. All floors had this moldy and weird smell. The smell was especially strong during the morning time as I am sure they applied fresh batch of perfumes. The smell coming from hotels plumping was extremely unbearable. Imagine as you are brushing your teeth, you are faced with an unpleasant aroma of the sewer system! I had to empty a bottle of shampoo in the sink to mask the smell while brushing my teeth on a daily basis.Hotel conciergeWe used the hotel concierge to book a tour of Eifel tower with dinner and sine river tour. If you use the concierge, the price will be considerably more. Book directly with the tour operator instead or better yet, just directly go and purchase the tickets. 