The worst and most unaccommodating staff!!

The Hotel Jazz has the worst customer service I've ever encountered! After reading the good reviews on this website (I should have paid more attention to the bad reviews), I booked a room at this hotel. I walked into the hotel and attempted to maneuver my heavy luggage down a flight of stairs in the hotel lobby towards the reception desk. Despite the fact that they were not busy helping other guests (the lobby was empty), none of the three men behind the desk made any attempt to help me (an obviously small girl with very big luggage). Then, sleeping was a problem because there was a consistent rumble and vibration that came every 10 minutes (I suspect it was the metro). On my last morning, I woke up late because the rumbling noise kept me up most of the night. I called reception to ask for a late check-out of 20 minutes...yes, only TWENTY minutes and was told NO! They claimed they had a lot of people checking in and needed the room right away. It's ridiculous that they could not spare the room for 20 minutes, especially for a guest who could not sleep because of noise resulting from the location of the hotel. I looked out in the hall and despite the fact that it was already 11:55 a.m., the maids were not yet on my floor and no one had knocked on my door that morning, so I know they had not yet reached my room. There was no way the maids were going to reach my room within the next 25 minutes. The staff simply did not want to be accommodating. I quickly threw all my stuff into my luggage and as I was walking out the door at 12:10 (keep in mind that check-out is at noon), the phone ran. It was front desk asking whether I was going to check out or whether I wanted to pay for the additional night. It was absolutely ridiculous and the worst customer service ever. One of the main aspects of a comfortable stay is that the staff cares about you and tenders to your needs. This was completely lacking at the Hotel Jazz. They got me in the door, got my $200/night, and that's all they cared about. I plan to be in Barcelona again soon, but that was my last time at the Hotel Jazz. Don't make the same mistake as me -- heed the warnings contained in the bad reviews on this website. 