Good hotel but overpriced

My husband and I stayed at the Jazz for 7 nights to celebrate our wedding anniversary so we booked a suite. I knew the cost when I booked (direct with the hotel for suites unfortunately) but for that sum I expected separate living/sleeping rooms, however the suites are just large bedrooms with a bed settee and small table/chairs added. As a previous reviewer has said the beds are queen size but hard, although we did get used to them and slept well. Although the room and bathroom (506) were modern, clean and reasonably sized it was not what I had expected for 267 Euros a night for room only. I asked a receptionist if I could have bathrobes but she said that as they were only a 3 star hotel they didn't provide them - 3 star maybe but 4 star prices!! We didn't have breakfast in the hotel as I thought they were receiving enough of our money so I can't comment on the food. We did go into the bar on the 1st floor around 11.30pm one night but it was completely empty with no atmosphere, in spite of the hotel apparently being full. The pool was also being repaired throughout our stay so we not in use.On the positive side the hotel is well situated and the maid service is excellent. Soundproofing is also very effective and we always found the reception staff pleasant.Three restaurants we particularly enjoyed during our stay were:CAPUTXES - opposite the large church in the old town (not the cathedral - can't remember it's name but Del Mar rings a bell). It's an Italian restaurant and the lunches are really good value and excellent quality. Service is very good too.AGUA - near Port Olympic in the row of restaurants alongside the beach. Need to book for dinner as it's very popular but lunch is good too. A bit more expensive but worth the extra cost.Le Nits (not its full name but all I remember. It's in Placa Real, off Las Ramblas and queuing starts before 8pm - it opens at 8.30 - no booking. This place is fabulous, great extensive menu  wine list -Not to be missed! 