What a waste of time!

I was really impressed with the reviews and recommendations for this hotel so quickly put it in my top 3 to look into. I was after a balcony and view so decided to contact the hotel directly to make an enquiry. I explained very clearly that we require a room with balcony and view and were wanting this confirmed before we made the booking, as we were going to enquire with many hotels until we got what we were after. I advised I would not book if I could not have this. We were happy to ask around as not going to Paris until August 08.So, after their reply with what they could offer for our dates, we kept up the communication and booked a room- only to be informed once we booked and paid a booking fee, that the rooms we were after were all gone!!!! Oh but you can have another nice one that is not what you want....typical dodgy hotel tricks. I know hotels do it, cos most people will take what they are given but I had one requirement so not good enough for me!I was really disappointed with this hotels service and I sent a couple of emails asking why I was not told in the first place that they did not have any rooms available with my requirements, but they avoided the question, just advising they are limited and what we can have etc.So I have sent a final reply to them  requested it be passed to the manager but unsurprisingly, now that I have cancelled the booking I have not heard a peep from them...All other replies came back within 1/2 a day and now its been 3 or so days without a word. Since I am not going to be giving them any more money I guess they just dont care what I think, I am just one chump in many. Be very careful when you have specific requirements...make sure you get a straight answer from them or you might get the broom closet.The fact that they do not have a room for us is fine, I understand they have a limited number. Thats why I asked first! What really annoys me is that they should have been honest in their reply to my enquiry. I was very clear that we needed this confirmed before booking and they pretty much just tricked us into booking. Not what I call good service at all. I will never look at staying here again simply due to the appalling service. And its not just one staff member, my initial query was answered my the Manager Julie herself. I am sure its a nice hotel and I would have liked to see that, instead I was mucked around by an incompetent, dishonest hotel business.What makes me laugh (now) is that after wasting 4 days in correspondence with this I hotel, I enquired with Hotel Les Jardins d'Eiffel...not expecting much after this experience as I was very annoyed with the whole thing, packing a sad n all that. But they were friendly, helpful and honest in what they could offer. So I now have my perfect hotel room for my anniversary, with a balcony and view of the Eiffel tower- just at a different hotel! I will of course let everyone know if it worked out.... 