Noisy but Gem of a Hotel with rumblings of the Metro below

We booked this hotel for the location and modern amentities, and the great reviews of other [-------------------]traveler prior to July 17. Everything met our expectations except for the noise level. We were on the the third floor and hear and felt the room shake whenever a Metro train pulled into the station in the underground below. Coming from California, I sense when there's an earthquake and this is what it felt like. After the first night, we asked if it might make a difference if we moved to an upper floor, and the front desk said they would try but the hotel was fully booked. Not sure it would have made a difference. The front staff assured us the Metro ran until 12 midnight, but I was kept up until 1:30 am, and woken up at 5 am again when trains started running again. Needless to say, I slept very badly on the both nights despite a full day of exploring the City.Don't know why the structure of the building did not insulated itself against the underground -- I have lived in NYC with many subways below my office or apt. The hotel itself is luxurious and rooms comfy for the 150 euros we paid, but not worth the annoyance of hearing the trains. Not sure why none of the other reviews we saw on traveladvisor.com did not mention the Metro noise. Was everyone else on a higher floor than us on the 3rd?Other travel tips:Sagrada Familia: take the elevator with the shorter line, to the right of the entrance (easy to miss this one bec you get swept into the church with the rest of the crowds to the opposite elevator). Go between 6 and 7pm when the crowds have thinned.Palau de Musica Catalan: indoor architectural tour of the stunning concert hall. Great cafe with pintxos, brushetta-like snacks with all sorts of toppings.Eating:Cafe L'Opera, La Rambla: where Picasso had his coffee :-) Churros con xocolata is the highlight.Cal Pep, Placa de las Olles: tapas bar where the line starts before doors open at 8pm, no menu, waiter orders for you but you may tell him to stop serving or your bill will surprise you.Origen, Passiage de Born: real Catalan homestyle cooking, magazine like menu with 5 pages of desserts before all other menu items! Extremely reasonable - 35 euros for two.**Overall, stay in the Gothic neighborhood to eat, restaurants are less touristic than La Rambla. Catalans are friendly people, we did not encounter any rude locals at all. 