the hotel that proves

that flattery will get you anywhere looking at all those rave reviews and at the fact that this is tripadvisor's #1 hotel in all of europe, i know my review is not going to be one of the most popular. nevertheless, i felt the need to express my true feeling about this property.Dont get me wrong. i LOVE luxery hotels and god knows i am willing to pay for luxery. having said that, 4S GEORGE V trully delivers, but somehow, belive it or not, i cheked out a bit depressed.now why would someone that just stayed in the most beautiful property, given the most exellent service and slept in the most beautiful room on a fantastic bed have mixed feelings about anything in this world? well, to have feelings is a human thing, and this is the one thing this 4S lacks of: humaneness.this is NOT a class act. This is more like a well designed and extreemly well orchestrated ripp off. they know that what you really want , what you secretly dream of is to be treated like royalty so they give it to you, but they do it in a very cynical way. they do not give service - they kiss your [--]. they do it in a flattering way which so many reviewers bought into so easily. they make you forget you are paying 780 EUR per night for their least expensive room and they smile and sweet talk you all the way to spending 150 EUR(!) for a regular 50 min aromatherapy massage. i have payed similar anounts of money at properties like london's sanderson and dorchester hotels, Rome's hotel de russi, paris' own ritz and plaza athenee and never felt the cynicism. the hotel GEORGE V in paris is the complete setting for wanna-bes to feel special. i will prefer a deluxe room in the full-of-its--self HOTEL COSTES then stay here again. the COSTES has atitude, but is authentic paris , not a put on a face like GEORGE V. its like disneyland for grown-ups, letting the ordenery people to live a dream once in a lifetime. problem is, the more experienced travellers will feel that micky mouse is laughing at them under his mask. 