Hotel Theft---Management Deception

We just got back from our stay in Hotel Langlois, and had such a miserable experience that I feel I have to share it with other travelers. Our hotel room was robbed during our stay and the hotel managed this incident very poorly. Our almost entire wardrobe got stolen during the trip including many luxury brand items that you cannot necessarily fit into a safe. Some of these items were bought during their trip in Paris including luxury handbags and footwear. The robbery took place on the day before our departure. We are still investigating the matter, but we have not been compensated for our loss to this day and it seems like such an expensive stay for a 2-star hotel when you factor in our loss, not to mention the stress factor. I would stay away by all means. Here is a recap of the hotel theft incident:We entered the room one evening to find it all messed up and realized many of our belongings were missing from the room. We called the reception which then informed the manager. The manager apologized and told us they would compensate us for whatever was stolen. We said we would like to inform the authorities and make an official statement to the police. The manager told us this is unnecessary and asked us to make a list of stolen items. When we asked the manager if he could see in the computer any entries to our room other than housekeeping, we were told that there were none. However, one hotel staff did tell us later that our room was entered after the housekeeping left and before we arrived. We were puzzled. The next day, when we provided the manager with the total value of the missing goods, he proceeded to the closest bank and came back with a copy of a swift message for X Euros (total value of the stolen items) showing that this amount was transferred to our bank account and allowing no arguments or discontent on our part. The case seemed to be settled and closed. That day, we flew to London, relieved. When we came back home, we found out that the manager recalled the money from our bank without even informing us. We were told to deal with the insurance company. Well, as the hotel manager had told us at the time of the incident that it was unnecessary to call the police and issue an official statement, we were in no position to recover the total value of the goods from the insurance company. We had a wrong start. Had the hotel manager not provided us with the bank receipt showing X euros were transferred to our account the next day, our approach would have been more professional and official. We have been robbed and later deceived by the hotel management. We faced tremendous stress in dealing with this hotel theft situation. The hotel's management of the situation was far more stressful for us than the incident itself. Again, I would stay away by all means. After all, a vacation is meant to bring you peace and not stress. 