Excellent hotel in a great location

My boyfriend and I have just returned from a four night stay in this hotel and were more than impressed with both Berlin itself and the level of service we recieved in the Arcotel Velvet.The hotel itself is in an excellent location and can be found very easily from the Orienburger Tor stop. We found the staff more than helpful and extremely friendly. My boyfriend ripped his jacket, they took it away to get repaired and it was fixed and in our room the following day. They also made a huge effort when we asked them for the best place to hire bikes and came back with an address and full directions in a matter of minutes. The hotel is very modern and the rooms are wonderful with fabulous views of Orienburger Strasse. Although half the room is window and the hotel is located on a main street and next to a nightclub, we heard very little noise unless the window was open. Mitte itself (in our opinion) is the place to stay, it's a very central location for all the main sights with an artistic, bohemian and very relaxed feel, there are literally hundreds of bars, cafes and resturants to choose from right on your doorstep.Don't let other reviews talking about drug dealers and prostitutes put you off. We didn't encounter one person selling drugs and although prostitutes are out on the streets at night, they are definately not in your face. It's not a seedy or intimidating area and the streets are as much filled with young families, couples and old peple as they are with ladies of the night! To be honest, it's more fascinating and a bit sad rather than scary or seedy. Things to do: Hiring bicycles, if you can, cannot be recommended enough. It's such a good way to see a large part of the city. Get a good map and get out there and join the hoards of locals on their bikes.The museum at Checkpoint Charlie is worth a vist, it's a bit run down but packed to the rafters with information about the turbulent history of Berlin.Try the singapore resturant right opposite the hotel. It's usually pretty busy after 7pm but the food is excellent and the staff are really nice and friendly. It stays open to about 3am on the weekends too.There is a venue right next door to the hotel (on the right as you come out the door). It's a lively wee outdoor place with great music and a kind of festival feel. It seems to stay open all night on a Saturday night as we got up to catch our flight on sunday morning and it was still going. If anyone still feels young enough, it seems to be the place to go!Have a look around Auguststrasse area. There's a corner of about three or four bars and resturants and it's really bustling and relaxed. The resturants serve people outdoors and there are some people playing guitars on the streets, it's a really nice area to eat.If your a coffee fan, go to the Espresso Ambulanze next door to the hotel (on the left as you come out). The guy in there is really lovely and he serves a great cappuccinoOverall, we found Berlin to be an excellent place to visit for a few days and I cannot fault the hotel in any way. The location too was top class...great stay!Can I just finally give a warning to anyone flying with the COWBOY airline RYANAIR!!We thought we were doing a good thing by putting our luggage into one bag and checking only one item in. The 'computer-says-no' robot-lady at the desk informed us we would be charged €104 as our one bag was overweight, even though our stuff would not have been overweight if we had two bags to check in. THIS IS RYANAIR'S WAY OF GETTING THOUSANDS AND THOUSANDS OF POUNDS OUT OF PEOPLE...DO NOT LET THEM GET AWAY WITH IT ANY MORE!!! Be careful, if there are two of you going, take two bags and check them both in...practically every other person in our queue was being sent off to pay something towards Ryanair, they're a bunch of cowboys!Anyway, amen and have a great time in Berlin.. 