Definitely NOT Sheraton quality

I am an SPG member and expect a certain quality from the hotel chain I most frequently use. This property is definitely not up to the usual Sheraton standard and is massively overpriced.I stayed for 3 nights in February but very nearly did not make it past the first. This was my first stay at this establishment.On arrival I was ignored by the concierge, even though he clearly saw me arrive and then struggle to load heavy suitcases from the taxi onto one of his trolleys that I personally had to retrieve. He didn't offer to assist until all the hard work was done and I was half way to reception.Reception then advised me that I had been upgraded due to high occupancy, but I was allocated exactly the room I had booked and overpaid for. The room was reasonably sized and appointed, but definitely not to Sheraton standards, and was well overdue for a refurbishment. The bathroom was tiny and poorly appointed. The room had just been cleaned and smelt like a chemical factory - it took more than an hour of airing before it was even habitable. Houskeeping advised that the same highly scented cleaning products were used in all rooms, so there would be no benefit in changing.At 10 minutes to 6pm I went to the restaurant to book a table for dinner later that evening, but I (and 2 other couples) were totally ignored by the staff until 6pm, when I presume the restaurant officially opens (however there were no signs to this effect). The Maitre d' came to the desk we were waiting at several times over the 10 minutes but didn't even have the decency to acknowledge those waiting until exactly 6pm.I ordered a Lamb dish from room service the next night, but was delivered what looked like, tasted like, and met the menu description of the beef steak dish. I contacted room service to query this and was forcefully assured that there was no question that I had been delivered the Lamb. The next night I placed exactly the same order and to my surprise (not), I received a totally different meal which looked and tasted like lamb.The above may seem like reasonably trivial matters, but they demonstrate a total disregard for the level of customer service one should expect from an establishment bearing the Sheraton name and charging the tariffs that they do.I will definitely cross this hotel off my Sydney stay list. 