Made to feel unwelcome!

hotel room itself was beautiful and very clean, however, this is probably the worst service we have ever experienced! After a 10 hour drive to get to the hotel we spent 45minutes trying to get into the hotels car park {following the hotels directions}. Once in the car park we were welcomed by the valet guys.When checking in to the hotel the guy on the front desk was very rude and more or less threw our passports and credit card back at us.Once in our room it took 45 minutes for our bags to arrive. This is when we realised we had made a horrible mistake in coming to this hotel! The bell boy was totally unpleasant and threw our bags on the floor taking no care with them at all. We believe in tipping for good service, therefore due to the bad service we were not tipping this guy! When he realised he was not getting a tip he refused to leave our room! When he eventually did leave he slammed the door shut! Within the next 5 minutes we received 2 prank phone calls to our room.We decided that after such a long trip we would order room service, the food was delivered promptly, but was not worth the money at all. When the food was delivered to our room I lifted the pen to sign the bill and the waiter who delivered the food turned to my husband and asked him if I was &quot;allowed&quot; to sign for the food! When we looked at the bill we were quite shocked at how much of a tip the hotel had allocated their staff!The following morning we needed to print our tickets to Alcatraz, my husband spent an hour trying to arrange this with the concierge (we had our lap top with us it should have been a 5 minute thing). We were told that they could not let us wait at reception for our 1 sheet of paper it would be delivered to our room  would cost $3!!! What a rip off!We found that any time we wanted to get out car from the very expensive car park we had to wait 20 minutes!The attitude of all the staff we met was awful, they made us feel totally unwelcome. An awful experience all round! We have stayed in Westin hotels many times in lots of different locations and this one was such a let down. When we left we were asked to fill out a customer satisfaction survey, I raised all the above points  provided our home address, home phone number, work number, mobile numbers and e-mail address asking for a manager to contact me but no one ever has. was great  very clean, 