MAX-imum enjoyment!

My co-worker and I stayed at the Hotel Max on a semi-business trip, we decided to share a room to save the company a few dollars -- always mindful to watch the company money! While the Max is on the high end (price wise) of what I typically pay when traveling for pleasure, it's still very competetive with other downtown Seattle hotels (priceline has spoiled me over the years, so anything over $150 per night seems like a splurge). We called ahead to confirm a late check in and to double check that we were all set for our reserved room with 2 beds -- seemed all was A-ok. Upon arrival, we were greeted by a very attentive front desk clerk, who even went looking for bottled water for us! After experiencing a smooth check in, we were soon on our way to our 8th floor room. First impressions -- the room was far larger than I had expected! I, of course had only seen the one room, but complaints regarding size seem to be the norm for reviews of this hotel. The wardrobe was plenty spacious (I had taken particular note, as someone mentioned they had to hang their clothes at an angle -- if their room had the same wardrobe -- I have to question how large are your clothes?! ;)). One downfall... the room, while non-smoking and on a non-smoking floor, had clearly been home to guests who have yet to realize that CIGARETTE SMOKE SMELLS and LINGERS. I probably could have adjusted, but my co-worker is particularly sensative, so this was a problem. We attempted to switch rooms, but were informed that the hotel was booked -- we would have to wait until morning. In an effort to rid the room of the reek... we opened the windows, and that helped a bit. The beds were laden in white down comforters/duvets and loads of pillows... and let me tell you -- this bed put the Westin Heavenly bed to SHAME! Kudos x 2 on the comfy beds! The bathroom was reasonably spacious complete with the typical ameneties. Being a hip/edgy sort of place, the MAX has it's own line of bath products -- each in a simple white bottle with white lettering. There is also mimi fridge, wine glasses, CD player and a few CD singles, flat screen TV, two seersucker robes lined with terry cloth, a selection of teas and coffee and even a adult novelty item (for purchase, of course!). Another observation worth mentioning, I found the room to be impeccibly clean. I tend to notice creepy brown corners in hotel rooms and this room was creepy-free. Having just flown in from the East Coast, I was happy to settle in the oh-so-sensational bed for some Z's!BTW: there is a window ac/heating unit that some may call noisy, I personally have never met a heating and air unit in a hotel that wasn't! Also... when you visit a big metropolitan city, be prepared to hear a little traffic outside! (Kills me when people go to NYC or some similiar place and complain about the street noise!)The room gets 'A' grade!The following morning, we were assured that our request for a smoke free room was being handled, so we packed our bags and checked them at the front desk before heading out for the day. The hotel is in a good location, very close to Pacific Place Mall, just a couple of blocks from the monorail to the space needle and a straight shot down Stewart to the Public Market. It's crucial to note that there is a starbucks to your right -- and left, as you exit the hotel. My co-worker and I love to walk, so had no problems getting around to all of the sights. The MAX is also located just a few blocks from the free ride zone that allows you to travel on the city bus for free to the key downtown areas. Location gets an 'A' (although some may feel it's just a hair out of the way. We did experience a couple of hiccups when trying to switch rooms, but the staff was very patient and dilligent in making sure we were taken care of... they even offered us a bottle of wine!Staff gets an 'A' as well.The adjoining restaurant is a great spot for drinks... we loved the atmosphere, but did not have dinner. Overall-- I give this hotel great praise and would definitely reccommend it. It's on the funky side, so if you're more of a Comfort Inn kind of person, you may feel a little more at home elsewhere. I'm sure I'll return to Seattle again -- and hope to visit the MAX on my return! 