Disappointed with the Sheraton

This was our third time staying at the Sheraton Hotel in Downtown Seattle and it was our third time being disappointed. Our first two trips to this hotel were both Christmas trips (2005 and 2006) and our last trip was during the last week of August 2007. The first year that we booked this hotel we called them directly (after booking our room with an on-line service) to comfirm that they were the same hotel that hosts the famous Ginger Bread House competition for the local chefs. Once we arrived to the hotel, we were very surprised to find that the hotel was not only in shambles from being under construction, but that they had moved the Ginger Bread houses to another location entirely (an imprortant fact that they forgot to mention when we were calling to confirm that the Ginger Bread houses were indeed going to be there). On our second Christmas trip we decided to try bidding on a hotel with priceline.com. We were a little disappointed when we found out that the hotel that accepted our bid was the Sheraton. We decided that we would look on the bright side though and give the hotel a second chance. We thought that there was no way that the hotel could still be under construction, but once again we were greeted with the confusion and mess of construction. The place was a mess and the Ginger Bread Houses were still no where to be found.This last trip (and it will be the last) we tried hotwire.com for the first time. And once again we ended up with the Sheraton. I again decided that I would be optimistic and hope for the best. I can say that I was happy to see that the lobby and new tower were no longer a construction zone, but I was still very disappointed with the floor that we stayed on and the room we were given. The table outside of the elevator had garbage on it and the hallway had bits of garbage all throughout that no one bothered to clean up during our stay. The room that they gave us looked out into the alley and there was scaffolding hanging outside of our window all three days that we were there. Not at all what I would expect from a four star hotel. I think that their star rating should be brought down a notch or two. Needless to say, I don't think that we will be staying at the Sharaton any time soon. 