5 Stars?!?! You're kidding, right?

I am currently staying at the Hotel Majestic. I had my business travel agent book this hotel based largely on the reviews on TripAdvisor. Upon checking in, I asked about the size of the room, as I had read some reviews complaining that some rooms were quite small. (Also, as I was checking in, I overheard 2 people trying to change rooms because they weren't happy with their first rooms). I must compliment the front desk clerk who helped me check in. She was extremely nice, but when I asked her about whether my room had a view or was a nice size, she frowned and said, that yes, indeed, I had been booked in one of the smaller rooms, but a nicer, larger room was available if I was willing to pay more. Since I have been traveling on business in Europe for more than a week and desperately needed sleep, I decided the extra charge was worth it for a better room, so I took it. While the room does have an extra sitting area, I have to say that this room is NOT of 5 star quality. There are marks on the walls, the furniture upholstery is worn, and the overall qualilty is more of a 3.5 star hotel, as far as rooms are concerned. There is also the annoying LOUD sound of water rushing through pipes on the other side of the wall of the room, approximately once an hour. The lobby area is nice, and the general location of the hotel is quite good, but as a business traveler, I really want the rooms and beds to be nice and comfortable. This marginally passes those criteria, particularly for the price for this room. Also, there is no ethernet connection so I am connected to a wireless connection that is not very reliable. Location (and some good online reviews) were the deciding factors in choosing the Majestic. However, having been here one day already, I am disappointed and wish I had gone with my first inclination to stay at the Hotel Arts. I would encourage the Hotel Majestic management to update the rooms and also encourage restaurant staff to make foreign visitors feel a bit more welcome. 