Service hiccups and very noisy!

I stayed at the Hotel 1898 March 26-31 and was disappointed. In fact, I'm writing this at 2am the night before a long trans-Atlantic flight back to the States because I can't sleep! It sounds like there's a club in my room ... it's so loud that I can sing along with the music when my head isn't about to explode from the club beat. Apparently, there's a nearby club that literally rocks the house on the weekends. BTW, they're currently playing Flashdance so the club has questionable music taste.The hotel itself is reasonably nice but the service doesn't match the decor. Other reviewers have noted the location but, believe me, there are lots of hotels in the same location to choose from - it doesn't have to be this one.My primary purpose of being in Barcelona was business and, as such, my key complaints are those of a business traveler looking for service and efficiency ... definitely not what I found:(1) I wasn't offered a map of the city when I checked in(2) I had problems with temperature control in my room. I spent a couple of warm days in the room before calling the front desk to look at the AC, which they said was turned off .... why, they couldn't say. It certainly wasn't obvious the AC was turned off because it's tucked into a side of the closet that requires a sleuthing operation to find.(3) The hair dryer is one of the worst I've ever seen ... It feels like no exagerration to say it weighs a ton and you have to hold down the button continually to keep the dryer on. I had dents in my thumbs after I finished drying my hair.(4) In general, I had a lot of problems with noise .... there was a lot of hammering away in different parts of the hotel during the day and housekeeping was always really loud. I had to call the front desk twice about noise just so I could sleep away some jet lag for 1 hour in the late afternoon.(5) It's impossible to get a taxi at the hotel. This is a real issuefor people staying at the hotel for business reasons. I was late toa conference 2 days in a row because it took so long to get a taxi. The hotel apparently has no special relationships with taxi companies.(6) I had to call the front desk to get information on accessing theInternet. I don't understand why this wouldn't be explained atcheck-in or on a sheet/placard in the room. I spent 5-10 minutes searching for this information in the room before I finally gave up and called the front desk.(7) The hotel gym is missing one of the set of two weights that I use in my workouts. The weight was missing all week so it didn't seem like anyone was in a hurry to replace it. This may seem like a minor issue, but it added up to a general inattention to the detail that creates a good hotel experience. 