Majestic Arrogance

I travel to Barcelona very regularly, and I chose to stay at the Majestic recently, only down to its location and promised services...... and also a curiosity from having passed the hotel on several occasions. I would say that the hotel is very average in every way. It is an old hotel, hence you cannot expect huge functional rooms. Their website tells you classic rooms are 20 sq metres...they do not hide the fact that their classic rooms are tiny, however, images on their website are not representative of the actual rooms, for instance, the bathroom in the image under classic room is not the bathroom you will receive; the bathroom will actually be very small and will require the agility of a gymnast to navigate. When I brought this up, the point was ignored. Wireless internet was also advertised.....could I get reception? Only by holding my laptop in the air at a strange angle, in a strange position!For a 5 star hotel, the bar is reasonably priced. The food may perhaps be decent....they will tell you that Drolma has a Michelin star, however, when hot food is served very cold after a very long wait, it is difficult to ascertain quality (and no apologies made either).5 star? Well, yes and no. In Spain, stars are awarded convincingly on facilities, not quality. I have not often experienced such average 5 star facilities with tacky unimaginative decor, but they do what they do and they do it well enough to run a &quot;successful&quot; hotel.Having had a look at the better rooms, I would suggest only staying here if you were prepared to pay the extra for an upgraded room. I would suggest staying elsewhere rather than a classic room unless you are supremely interested in location and you are not bothered by impolite staff and ineffective service, though the classic rooms are very cheap, so this may sway you. If you want good service and a good all round experience, stay elsewhere.I would perhaps make some suggestions to the hotel, however, I have read some of the responses made to other reviewers on this website, and I find these to be rude, unhelpful and argumentative.... similar to the attitude when face to face with the front desk staff. I would rather just move on to a different hotel than waste any more time with this hotel. Barcelona is a lovely, bustling city, so the Majestic will not really have a problem filling beds, however, some time in the future, they may need to rethink things. 