Excellent hotel at a great price

Living in Washington, we have taken several long weekend trips to Seattle over the years, always staying in a convenient, but pricey, downtown hotel. This year we decided to try something new, and decided on the Silver Cloud based on the positive reviews on this site. And boy are we glad! While it may not have the glitz and glamour of a 5 star downtown location, it has friendly employees and very nice rooms for around $100....which is one-half to one-third of what you will pay downtown. We found the cheapest rates from their website ($109/night for a king suite). Parking is free in their attached garage, which eliminates the fear of leaving your vehicle unattended in Seattle. However, be warned in advance that, like most Seattle parking, spaces are somewhat tight and narrow. We found the upper parking floor to be less crowded and since it has elevator access directly to your room's floor, it is actually more convenient than parking on the first floor.We were pleasantly surprised at how nice the rooms were. Despite being located literally next to the elevator, we didn't hear traffic in the halls or hear anything out of the nearby rooms. The free breakfast is a treat compared to many I've been to at other hotels. Fruit, cereal and oatmeal, bagels and breads to toast, many different muffins and sweet rolls, even hard boiled eggs and cheese. Also do-it-yourself waffles, although the line for those was so long I didn't get to try them. As others have mentioned, the breakfast is a popular feature and gets very crowded, so try and get there early to get a table. The pool and hot tub are very nice and warm, but can get crowded. They are open 24 hours, so you can avoid crowds if you go during non-peak times. Wanting to visit several different attractions in different areas, we didn't take advantage of the free shuttle, but saw a lot of folks that did. Given the high cost of parking in Seattle, this is a wonderful feature.Several nice restaurants are nearby, easily within walking distance unless it is raining or you don't like to walk. A tip - Dukes Chowder House is nearby, and if you sign up for their email list they will send you a buy-one-get-one-free dinner meal.There is even a nice little playground near these restaurants, in the marina area, which was a nice treat for our children. And we enjoyed watching the seaplanes taking off and landing. And admiring the expensive yachts moored there.We had a great time, and plan on using the Silver Cloud Lake Union as our new homebase whenever we visit Seattle! 