Wow! Unbelievably poor service with arrogance at every step.

This hotel is directly across the street from my office. I toured it shortly after its opening, and thought I'd stay someday as an in-city treat. What a mistake. I purchased the room at a charity auction. It was packaged with two tickets to the Seattle Symphony, and sold as attend the symphony and then stay at the W. When I got home and opened the envelope I purchased, I found that the symphony tickets were for Thursday performances; the W Hotel stay was for any Friday or Saturday night. At first I thought it was a mix-up by the charity, and frankly, it was for charity and I didn't really care. But after my experience with the arrogant, sloppy and just horrifically bad service at the W, I now wonder if the mistake was theirs.When I realized the room and tickets were incompatible, I decided to use the room as a surprise for the BF. I procured theatre tickets to a sold out show, and called the W to make a reservation. After being on hold for at least 10 minutes while the operator tried to figure it out, I was sent to the 800 number. The 800 operator was not exactly rude, but disinterested, uninformed, and generally oozed negative attitude. She, too, couldn't figure it out, and it literally took over 1/2 hour to make the reservation.When I made the reservation, I also told the operator that I wanted a corner room with a view and would pay whatever it took to upgrade to it. She assured me that I would have a corner room on a high floor with a view, and even after I offered THREE TIMES to pay for an upgrade, she told me (coldly and condescendingly (difficult to articulate)) that it would not be necessary and that I would get my request.You can see where this is going. When we arrived for check in, they gave us a corner room on the 5th floor in the back of the building, facing the wall of the Four Season's garage across an alley. When I spoke to the disinterested I'm too cool for my job desk clerk, the best I could get was a regular room on a somewhat higher floor, also in the back of the building, this time overlooking the same garage by about 10 feet. No apology, no real help, and attitude. By the way -- when I presented the 'bearer certificate' that I discussed with the reservation department for over 30 minutes earlier in the day, Mr. Hip had no idea what to do, called over an apparently more experienced version of himself, and the two of them took 20 minutes to, you guessed it, figure it out.Trying to keep a positive outlook, the BF and I decided to go to Earth and Ocean, the hotel restaurant. It was a busy Saturday night. We stood in a highly trafficked area and were ignored until I was able to stop the greeter, who told me they were no longer serving in the dining room, but we could order from a bar menu at the bar. Then he walked away. I mean, literally -- just walked away without additional comment, leaving us to figure out if we should seat ourselves, wait for someone else, or move into the lounge area. After a moment, we were able to stop another staff member who handed us two sticky bar menus while we were still standing in that odd, highly trafficked area, and I swear -- he, too, just walked away without comment. We left and went to a bistro down the street.The room was okay, albeit dark and facing the roof deck of the garage across the alley; the bathroom was dirty and well below five star standards.We left the next morning, and the portfolio read zero balance. While I was very disappointed with the attitude and service of the staff from beginning to end, thought the room was substandard, and had paid several hundred dollars for a package that was not a package, I thought I'd just let it go and remember that at least the charity made out well.Then, of course, I get my credit card bill. Yep, you guessed it. They charged me for the privilege of being ignored, condescended to, spending (between the two operators) over forty-five minutes to even make a reservation, and placing me in a substandard room with a dirty bathroom. I called them to correct the latest mistake in a series of mistakes, and after explaining the situation to someone in their reservation department, was forwarded to the guest services manager. I can't articulate the attitude well at all -- but at least it's consistent. Disinterested and arrogant is the best way to describe it. He told me that he would look into it, and call me back. Two days later I got a voicemail from him asking for the charity I purchased the room from, because he couldn't find the certificate. At this point, I was furious and didn't immediately return the call. About an hour later, he called again and told me he found the certificate and would be refunding the $230.00 charge to my card. The entire conversation took less than 30 seconds, and ended with a curt, perfunctory and insincere apology. Period.Wow... Just unbelievable. I don't see why anyone would want to stay here. The rooms are average at best, the bathroom was dirty, and the service was just too hip and arrogant to be anything but worthless. The location is good, poised strategically between the financial and retail districts downtown, but so are several other very fine hotels. If you come to Seattle, stay in the area, but don't stay at this facility. I can't imagine anyplace that would reflect more poorly on our city. 