Irritated by the bad service and duplicate charges

Yesterday was our wedding day. It was a perfect day UNTIL we checked into the Marriott on Circular Quay. We live in Sydney so we had booked into the Marriott as a treat for our wedding night. We had booked through another website so we had paid in advance. When we were checking in, we were in our wedding clothes so the receptionist was very nice to us and even said he would send up a complimentary bottle of wine to celebrate the wedding. He also offered us a late check out of 1pm. We headed up to our room which was pretty basic. We called room service and asked for some bath robes so that when we returned from our wedding dinner we could change out of our formal clothes. After about an hour we went to dinner-the bath robes had still not arrived. After we returned from dinner we checked for the bathrobes as I was dying to take off my corset and wedding dress. No bathrobes. So my (new!) husband called down and asked for them again. We were told they had already been delivered. We checked the whole room-no sign of them. To this the person on the phone sighed and responded that they HAD been delivered but he would send the guy up with two more and that it may take a while as the guy who delivers robes was busy. Eventually, as we were about to fall asleep the robes were delivered. The robe guy was pretty apologetic and said that he had delivered the robes to the room next door earlier by accident. There were also a number of other problems-the cold water was not running in the sink so the only choice for hand washing was hot water only which was uncomfortably hot. Of course, we never received our complimentary bottle of wine.And we just checked our bank account and they have charged us a SECOND time for the hotel room. I'm not sure why they charged us again as when my husband checked out there was no outstanding charges on the bill. I called to see what the charge was for and before I could even explain the situation, a very rude lady told me I would have to contact accounts when they open at 9am tomorrow. So yes, I don't think I would recommend the Marriott and we definitely will not be using this chain again. We were expecting a great experience from a 5 star hotel. We have had much better experiences in other hotels. 