Disappointing reservation mistake

I know I'm going to the lone descenting voice here, but I was really irritated by my experience at the Andra. I have never checked out of a hotel early in my many years of travel.I booked a room at the Hotel Andra almost 6 months before we went to Seattle. I booked directly through their website for a room described as 2 Queens or 1 King. I made a note in the reservation that I wanted the 1 King, as I was going with my boyfriend. When I got my confirmation via email, it said 2 Queens but the note was on there about the 1 King, so I didn't worry about it. When we arrived, I verified with the front desk agent that we were indeed getting 1 King, not 2 Queens. He said only the 2 Queens room was available. Obviously, we did not want to spend our vacation time sleeping in separate beds. The only thing available with 1 bed was a Queen. In other words, we were downgraded. There was no offer made to lower our rate, though. I blew it off at first because we had received a great rate anyway. After we spent one night in the room, we were both miserable and grumpy with each other. The queen bed was just way too tiny after being used to a King at home, and the room itself was also incredibly small. The bathroom was hardly big enough to turn around in. And our view? Construction and another apartment building. I complained to a manager, who said they were completely booked so there was nothing he could do. We went back to our room, looked online, and were able to book a much nicer room beginning the next day (we were in town for 5 nights). I told the manager I was going to check out the next day. He told me I'd have to pay a $75 cancellation fee! When I balked, he said he'd have to talk to the reservation manager to get that waived, and he'd call me in the morning. We checked out and I told the woman at the front desk that I did not want to be charged the fee. She said ok, and didn't charge me. So, this was the only positive part of the experience. The reservation manager never called me. Aside from all this, I still wouldn't have liked this place- the neighborhood is really sketchy, even though there's a bunch of nice restaurants. We got asked for money every time we walked out of the hotel. As a side note, the Silver Cloud Inn at Lake Union was amazing, for the same price (large suite, free breakfast, free wifi). 