Most disappointing hotel in SF

This hotel is one of the most disappointing hotels in San Francisco and an absolute embarassment to the Renaissance brand. I have traveled to San Francisco more than 100 times over the last five years and sampled just about every major upscale hotel in the area. I would stay anywhere but this place. The disappointment begins with the area that the hotel is located in, which, although centrally located, is the seediest part of the city and abounds in threatening looking characters. I felt at risk just stepping out of the hotel!The overall ambience within the hotel is gaudy early-eighties and an absolute assault to the eyes and senses. Rooms are small, even by San Francisco standards, and missing the nice balconies that hotels like Hilton and Meridien have. The overall feeling is of clutter and claustrophobia, exacerbated by windows that don't open adequately and leaflets touting all manner of hotel services.The beds are comfortable but nothing unique to the upgraded beds available at almost all major chains today. By the way, almost every pictures on the hotel website is highly unrepresentative of reality.Hotel infrastructure is in need of serious upgrading. Heating and air-conditioning system is ineffective and noisy. Water pressure is weak and hot and cold water mixing is problematic leading to uncomfortable showers and shaving. To cap it all, the hotel charges a usurious rate for internet service and only offer service from noon-to-noon regardless of when you check-in and check-out.Bathrooms have a dated feel and look. And there are marks on the wall of amenities that were once attached to walls and are now gone.Hotel staff service levels are nothing special and a little below average. The concierge lounge is absolutely below standards of typical hotel properties and closed on weekends unlike most other major upscale hotels in downtown SF.Overall, the quality and feel of this hotel is a better fit for Fairfield Inn than Marriott's top-of-the-line Renaissance brand. Only worth a stay if you can get it a Fairfield prices -- i.e. , below US$60. 