Mixed experience

I travel frequently for work and pleasure, and found Hotel Max to be a mixed experience.My reservation was in order when I arrived, but despite calling twice and making sure that incidentals were cleared from the room and a hold wouldn't be put on the credit card I put down, on arrival I was told that's not possible.Reasonably, I put a credit card down and they placed the hold. However, two hours later when I was resting in the room cleaning staff came in and emptied out all incidentals. So, now I didn't have anything in the room and the charge was on my card.The room itself was crowded and VERY small (compared to similar boutiques in San Francisco) with a knob window heater (opposed to a digital one that moderates the temperature). I'm native to Minnesota so found Seattle to be fairly temperate in comparison so this wasn't a huge deal, but might be a a factor for someone coming from a warmer climate-- or someone that doesn't want to wake up roasting/freezing.Eventually the room felt more cozy instead of cramped, but it did take some getting used to. The decor is entertaining.There were multiple occasions in the three days I was there that my room became very smoky, likely from a nearby smoking room. Opening the window solved the problem. I could also hear my neighbors talking normally in the other room.On the positive side, the art on the doorways in stunning and the hotel certainly has personality. The front desk was friendly, knowledgeable and competent. They have a free business center with high speed internet and printers. Their location is prime for walking to most parts of the city.Typically, there's a two minute wait for a cab (they have to call one). HOWEVER, if you walk uphill a block to the Westin there's a whole line of available cabs to take.If you're looking for somewhere to crash for the night, this is a great choice. However, if you're looking for someone to spend some time at, there are probably better choices available for the money. 