It was OK

As the title suggests, it was OK, but just that. The hotel is rated 4-star, but as with all star-ratings, you never quite know what you're going to end up with.As locations go it is pretty good. Right next to a metro station, and only 30 mins from the airport (costing 70 cents if you get the 10-journey ticket, amazing value!) Most places are easily accessible by the metro but, as we discovered only 2 days before we left, it's better to get the bus to the beach, a number of which go from directly opposite the hotel and take about 15 mins.As hotels go it is clean and fairly smart looking, but clearly business orientated, indicated not only by the corporate feel to it, but the steep price of breakfast (17 Euro) and the lack of drinks facilities in the room, which was a shame.Our first room was a twin, at the front of the hotel. When I called down to be asked to move to a double (which was booked) there were no other rooms left, so the receptionist told us that we would be moved while we were out the following day, a minor inconvenience but acceptable. When we returned to the hotel the following day I was reprimanded by the receptionist for not clarifying my request that morning. Sadly, a case of one person saying one thing, and another doing another, an unfortuantely memorable event which could have easily been avoided.Our double room, was 2 twins pushed together. The beds were hard and uncomfortable, but thankfully our new room was at the back of the hotel, which was quieter and had better views.Housekeeping at the property is acceptable, but inconsistent. New towels one day, sometimes not the next day, bed made up one day, turned down the next. Although the bathrooms were spotless!Food  Beverage at the hotel should be avoided. The breakfast buffet and other menus are uninspiring, and the bar is so lacking in atmosphere that we only dared have one drink there, and we were the only people we saw all week in there. Much more could be made of both of these outlets as there are few other nice places in the area. And a word to the wise: if any restaurant has pictures of the food outside, keep well away. It is definitely the tourist food!I suppose overall while the hotel is modern and clean, I left with a feeling that no-one was really prepared to go the extra mile for guests, there was a distinct lack of passion.We wouldn't go back there or recommend it because it simply was just average, and we found better places to stay whilst we were there.I 