Nice... You get what you paid for

This is my first time I have ever written a review for anything. I thought it would be important to express my opinion of this hotel. We stayed at Hotel de Londres from February 16th through 19th, 2007. First of all, I booked this hotel based on what I read from Tripadvisor. This was the first time I used Tripadvisor's advice. Sometimes one wonders if the reviews are from the hotel owners, employees, friends and family of the hotel. Regardless, this is my experience of the hotel.As a Valentine's weekend surprise for my wife, I booked a double bed for three nights at this hotel. The cost came out to be around $417.00 USD. We arrived at the hotel from an airport shuttle (CDG airport; 17 euro per person). Once at the hotel, we were greeted by a real friendly female lady at the counter. I think she was either the owner or a manager of the hotel. I had emailed the hotel and requested a room on the highest floor as possible. Based on reading the prior reviews, I did not think paying extra for the superior room with a view of the Eiffel was worth the money. The nice lady directed the clerk to give us room #62, which was the highest floor and a view of the top half of the Eiffel Tower. We really appreciate the upgrade without the extra cost. As expected, our room was tiny and the shower was small, but overall the room was spotless. Both my wife and I are small (5'6&quot; and we could barely fit on the bed. Maybe its the European thing.The free internet wireless was awesome. We were able to webcam and talk to our kids in California everyday for free using Yahoo messenger. There was a slight issued. Since we were on the 6th floor, there was no Wifi connection from the hotel, so I had to tap into the neighbors unsecured line. Keep in mind that the walls at this hotel are very thin. Whenever my wife uses the webcam and talk from our room, you could hear her in the hallway (she doesn't talk loud, but the walls are thin). On our 2nd day, a family from the US checked into the hotel with kids. 2 years and up. They were on the 1st or 3rd floor and we could hear them from our room (at 1am) so we went out for a walk and came back at 3am. By that time, the kids had fallen asleep - That's the biggest disadvantage of this hotel. I was unable to sleep 2 nights out of 3. Just my luck. I am a very light sleeper and in the middle of the night, I could hear the people next door using the bathroom. Yes, water from a person (pee) and into the toilet then flushing. If you are a slight sleeper, may want to consider.The location of the hotel is okay. It took us about 10 minutes to walk to the Eiffel Tower. On our last day at the hotel, again, we were unable to sleep and got out of bed at 5am and went for a walk to the Eiffel Tower at 6 am... Its nice to see the Tower without the other tourist. The other attraction at this location is Cler Rue, as mentioned by others. I thought this would be a big open market, but I was disappointed that the market was real small and it took us about 5-10 minutes to walk through the market. On our last day in Paris, we were near the Notre Dam and found a great location. I think the street is St. German or something like that. If you get a chance, take the underground train and visit this place. Lots of shops, restaurants and people (tourists, locals, etc.). I wished we knew this place sooner. Overall, I think this hotel is okay. If we visit Paris again, I won't stay at this hotel again due to the location and noise, but hey... you get what you paid for....Best of luck. 