Not Quite There

The title of my review basically sums up our recent stay at the Andra. Overall, we were satisfied with our stay, as we got a deep discount, but I'm left wondering how or why they are listed with Small Luxury Hotels of the World.We had a Lux King corner suite, and the suite itself is quite spacious, and very quiet, we did have a restful sleep. Beds/linens were soft and comfortable, and they brought up extra pillows as requested. There was plenty of storage in our suite -- 2 closets and a set of drawers, plus the generously-sized night tables were a plus.However, the sofa was disappointing -- of cheap construction, and sagging in the middle; fairly uncomfortable to sit on to watch tv. The armchair seriously needed recovering, as the edges were worn, dirty and frayed. The suite is due for an overhaul soon; we noticed chipped paint throughout, plus chipped and scratched furniture. The carpets felt a bit grimy -- there was an overall feeling that the room could have been cleaner.The bathroom is small (I knew this going in, having read past reviews). This did not bother me much, as there were adequate shelves and storage. However, if you like soaking in the tub, forget it. The tub has a very low overflow drain, obviously designed by someone who hates baths. I'm 5'2 and not very big -- the maximum water level came up to my lower abdomen. As I reclined trying to soak, the water kept draining off, and I gave up after about 5 minutes. Shower pressure is good and tons of hot water any time of the day. The Face Stockholm amenities are a delicious subtle white tea fragrance; however the bottles are the size of postage stamps, which seems cheap for a luxury hotel. The staff are happy to send up more, but it was tiring to request this on a daily basis.The staff were mostly 20-30 somethings and very pleasant and eager to please. However, I still feel they have not achieved a luxury level of service. We had a simple request that we be sent a Seattle Times, v. a New York times as we like to read local news. On a daily basis we received a New York times, which to give them credit, was swiftly replaced with a Seattle Times on request, but we shouldn't have had to keep asking for 4 days in a row. Another time we asked a desk person to reconfirm a reservation (the concierge had left) and he looked at us like we handed him a dead fish. It may seem that I'm nitpicking, but I would expect this from maybe a Motel 6 v. a luxury hotel. I would actually place the Andra slightly above a 3 star hotel, not at a luxury level. The staff for the most part, are accomodating and pleasant, and the room was ok. We would stay again if we got the same low rate; however, we would not stay if we had to pay the high season rate of approx $480.00 -- we felt the service and room would not be worth it. 