Fair value, good location

My husband and I stayed at the Radisson for 5 nights in October. We booked a one bedroom suite with tub.The room layout was fantastic, air conditioning system worked really well, desk setup was nice and the TV was a good size. The closet space was good with drawers for clothing, it was nice to unpack and store the suitcases off the side. There was a separate seating area and a safe beside the bed. The bathroom was a very good size; my only complaint would be that it did not have a tempature regulated mixer in the shower, so if someone flushed the toilet you tended to get scalded. The bed was reasonably comfortable and they do offer a pillow menu as well. Housekeeping was top points; the room appeared clean and replenished every day.The gym was average; the equipment could use a little updating, but all functional and tidy. We had mixed feelings about the massage, but this hotel is not known for this service, next time I would give it a pass.The lounge on the main floor was comfortable and the staff extremely friendly, accommodating and attentive. As this is a business oriented hotel, it defiantly catered to those who needed the amenities. The business centre was also functional and easy to access. My only complaint here is that the internet, which is accessed through a 3rd party was sloppy, the cable that came with our room didn't work, so we had to get another one, and I guess I was under the impression that the rooms would be wireless. Other than that, the Valet was prompt and friendly, location was reasonably good, try the Japanese restaurant on the other side of the street, as well as the cafe on the corner. Its a few blocks off the main shopping district, making it a bit farther than other hotels, but great at night as the nightlife isn't outside your window.We did not try the restaurant in the hotel as there are many choices within the area of the hotel which are well priced. In addition, the room service achieved their target time, and the food was decent.Over all, a well priced hotel for the business traveller or tourist that can offer. 