Excellent Sydney Harbour Location

I stayed at this property 3/1/08-3/14/08 for business. The hotel rooms were very spacious with nice bathrooms, a robe, a small hotel bar/refrigerator, coffee maker, and safe. The showers were excellent - plenty of hot water and excellent water pressure. The gym was okay, with several treadmills, stairclimbers, stationary bikes, and machines to work the legs and arms. However, they did not have any machines that worked the abs, something needed after all of the seafood that I consumed! Pool area looked nice, but I didn't actually use the pool. The hotel location was perfect for the Central Business District, and walking to the office was very easy. The hotel is also half a block from the Circular Quay bus stops and ferry dock - excellent. We took buses to Bondi beach and Watson's Bay and the ferriy to Manly Beach. Back to food - there are also plenty of restaurants near the hotel, including a wonderful Italian restaurant right next door. The hotel also has a phenomenal seafood buffet available nightly, with expanded offerings on the weekend. I went during the week and had my fill of crab legs, jumbo prawns, and many other excellent dishes, including multiple mini-desserts. The lobby bar area offers live music Wednesday - Saturday. The Wednesday night piano/jazz singer John Harkins, a Chicago native, made my stay that much more enjoyable - have a nice club sandwich, some tiramisu and a drink and sit back and enjoy the music. The staff in the lobby bar were also outstanding - very attentive and friendly, not overbearing. The only draw back of the hotel was the lack of wireless internet in the rooms - I took my laptop to the lobby to use the wireless access. This is expensive on a daily basis but for 24 actual hours of use at $24.95, this option was very reasonable for a 2 week stay.Concierge staff was also very good - recommended good restaurants, a phenomenal tour to the Blue Mountains, and a place to get my eyeglasses fixed/replaced. They also sold calling cards for the US - very convenient and reasonable.Would definitely stay here again and would recommend the hotel for business and leisure. Had a great time, in part due to the very good service that I experienced from the room attendants, front desk, conceirge, and lobby bar staff!PS - for those arriving early in the AM, they have a lounge where you can relax and freshen up/shower after the LONG flight from the east coast - a nice touch! 