Where East met West

We have just returned from a 4 night stay at the SuiteHotel in Berlin. This is part of the Accor chain and the Etap and Ibis were adjacent. Conviently situated for Anhalter Bahnhof underground this is certainly not on Potsdamer Platz, as the details suggested and is not the best area in the city. The surrounding area is a bit run down.The room was large and would sleep an extra 2 people on a rollaway and the sofa for an additional charge. The bathroom had bath and a separate shower and as in most Accor hotels the loo was separate. I booked this hotel thinking it had some cooking facilities which allows us extra flexibility; while it had a useful fridge, a kettle and a microwave it certainly is not for self caterers as there was no other eqipment-impossible to do even breakfast with a McDonalds style coffee cup and spatula which came with the 2 sachets of coffee and 2 tea bags left each day. I need to do my research better!The buffet breakfast in the hotel was a reasonable 11 euros but we recommend the Cafe Stresseman opposite where the SuperFruhstuck was excellent value at 4.85. The staff there were very friendly too.Tips for Berlin: Public transport is brilliant. Buy a day ticket or 2/3 day pass for complete freedom. Unless you want to travel outside the city an AB ticket is fine but ABC will get you to Pottsdam which is well worth a visit. If you want to see more than one of the museums on Museum Island buy a Tour card not the Welcome Berlin card; we got it wrong and were frustrated that the more expensive card did not provide the discounts we wanted. The Egyptian gallery was fabulous, not just the Nefertiti head.A visit to the house where the 1943 Wannsee meeting took place to discuss the Final Solution is an interesting and moving experience. A bus from the station-was it 114?- takes you to the door and back and entrance to the exhibition is free. You could stop off at Grunewald and spend a few minutes on Platform 17 where the Jewish transports left Berlin for the camps. This was an unexpected and poignant find.Enjoyed Berlin and its fascinating history; the hotel was a bit of a disappointment after our last German experience. 