Fairly Decent

Stay I took my wife to SF for our third anniversary becuase she always said she wanted to go there. Having been only a few times and not really knowing the lay of the land, we chose to stay at this hotel based on reading other reviews and realizing that this area was ,at the very least, not one of the places to avoid.We purchased a flight and hotel package from Expedia, so I am guessing we paid about $230 a night for the room. As I understand it, that is a decent bargain for SF hotels. On the basis of that price, I would recommend this hotel. However, I wouldn't ecpect it to be anything special.In the past, i have stayed at the W and thought that was a great hotel. This isn't the W. But for the price, it isn't a bad stay.The Hotel is large. The lobby isn't grand, but who really cares. The employees aren't the friendliest, nor are they particularly helpful. However, I found that to be the case for most San Franciscans anyway. Even the people who live here will tell you that the people are cold and rude. I would agree, but having parents from New York, it didn't faze me.The room is a basic typical hotel room. No fancy furnishings. No extra special amenities. One thing I found lacking was a safe, which would have been nice to have. Another thing it lacked was an interface on the TV for checking your bill or checking out. I found that odd. Finally, it had an internet connection, but you need to have your own laptop to get it it and that was inconvenient. Normally, I am not much for using the internet on vacations, but I found that having it in a place like SF is necessary for making reservations at restaurants and pulling up directions to things before you head out. Needless to say, they charge you $13/hr for it anyway, which is rediculuous. They should provide that for free. The bed was a bit uncomfortable, as it is a cheapie and is very bouncy. Everytime my wife woke up to go to the bathroom, I woke up and vice versa. They also don't provide very nice blankets - typical foamy blanket. I will say that I was SHOCKINGLY SURPRISED that the sheet was a FITTED sheet, and not a flat sheet that comes off the bed at night. That was the first time I have EVER seen that. All hotels need to do that.I would suggest that if you do stay here, you get a floor up high like we did. It was very quiet for a noisy city.The location was fairly good. It is right across the street from the BART, the cable car turnaround [which goes up Powell], and the F line [which goes to Embarcadero and Fisherman's Wharf]. After touring around most of the SF downtown,I can say that this area is probably the better area to stay in. Fisherman's Wharf is definately not the place to be [tourist trap], and other areas don't seem to be in places near stuff. This place is near a lot of things, or is near the transportation that gets you to everywhere.Overall, I would recommmend staying here for this price. If you pay more, then maybe try elsewhere. 