Great location but disappointed with accommodation

We recently stayed at Nob Hill Motor Inn (based on previous reviews in tripadvisor and expedia) and were greeted by Frank, who recommended Milano's restaurant on Pacific Ave for dinner on our first night in San Francisco. (Great Italian food by the way, we went there twice!!). We stayed on the first floor( the Inn only has 2 floors) which is above the parking area and yes the free parking is great but spaces are tight for minivans. The room's decor was outdated, beds were lumpy and uncomfortable(kids complained of back aches in the morning) and there was an odor that lasted the duration of our stay. So practically every day we had to leave the door open to air out the room. The room had a small tv in the living room/bedroom, definitely deserves a larger tv. The bathroom's decor was also outdated and the floor was uneven. We were often awakened by early risers due to very thin walls and ceilings and quite often heard doors slamming from other rooms. The complimentary breakfast which we took advantage of for 2 mornings consisted of a few bananas, apples, muffins and danishes in plastic wrap along with coffee, tea, hot chocolate and orange juice which was served in there reception area which is in their tiny office. We also recommend Polker's for breakfast. We found the location to be excellent ie based in Russian Hill area, close to Cow Hollow/ Union Street Shops, Crookedest Street, Fisherman's Wharf, Ghirardelli Square and within driving distances to Union Square, Chinatown, North Beach. Unfortunately, the hotel owner's recommendation to take a tour with Tower's Tours did not go well for us. The driver spoke very quickly and stops at Twin Peaks, The Golden Gate Bridge and Park were brief and we didn't even know the tour had started in Fisherman's Wharf area. Plus my daughter fell asleep on the tour(that says alot). It didn't help that the day was overcast and yes the temperature fluctuates in San Francisco and it is important to always have a sweater or jacket with you because the evenings get pretty chilling. We loved visiting San Francisco and hope to return one day but we would not stay at the Nob Hill Motor Inn again. We would probably pay more and stay somewhere else. 