Ideal base for short and first-time visits

This is an ideal base if you are travelling to Berlin for the first time or for a short visit and is a better location than nearby Hackescher Markt itself because it opens out into the rest of the city in ways that make it easy for travellers to see the very best of Berlin. Friedrichstrasse is a long street that connects the old west and east sides of the city, and used to be a crossing point when the wall was still in existence. The area has a laid back atmosphere with a few nice cafes and is a good place to return to after an evening out. From here, Hackescher Markt, Oranienburger Strasse and Unter den Linden are within easy walking distance through interesting streets. It is also easy to walk westwards from here to the Brandenburg Gate and onwards towards Tiergarten. Friedrichstrasse station has transport lines running through the east and west of the city and there is also a tram stop nearby so it's possible to walk out of the hotel, cross the road and get to anywhere in the city very quickly. The S-Bahn from Friedrichstrasse will take you west along this route to Tiergarten and Zoo Garden Station near the big shopping street of Kufurstendamm or east to Hackescher Markt (one stop) and surrounding areas. This location is especially good if you are flying into Schonfeld which has a direct train line to Friedrichstrasse station (allow 50mins to 1 hr). The hotel has excellent service; very good bright rooms that are well-airconditioned; friendly and helpful staff; and an excellent breakfast buffet with endless supplies of good coffee and a wide variety of food choices. A good breakfast can be bought for a lot less in nearby cafes so getting value from the hotel buffet is dependent on how much you're able to eat first thing in the morning. The atmosphere in the hotel is calm and relaxed and there is no discernible noise from the station in the rooms at night because of soundproofed windows. This is an excellent choice of hotel for short and first-time visits. 