Horrible

If you want to be able to roll out the door onto the doorstep of the Disneyland Paris parks then this hotel is ideal, but to be honest that's about all it's got going for it, and frankly that's not much of an advantage given that most of the other hotels are within walking distance anyway.Disney position this hotel as the ultimate in luxury, which is like saying that choosing a salad instead of a burger at one of the Disneyland restaurants is healthy eating. Everything is relative I guess, but if this hotel is truly Disney's ultimate then I'm scared of what I'll find at their other hotels. If you've had the Orlando experience then you'll recognize this hotel as a scaled-down version of the Grand Floridian, with many of the same flaws repeated. If you've never been to Disney World, then think Holiday Inn (in terms of room and food quality) meets old age home (in terms of décor and the smell of the awful air freshener that they seem to use everywhere) meets train station (in terms of the huge volume of people constantly streaming through the common areas at busy times).For the most part the hotel's general facilities are okay, but there are some perplexing inadequacies. In this day and age it's inexcusable for a supposedly up-scale hotel to lack in-room wi-fi (and to then charge you EUR4.50 per hour to use it in the common areas). Ditto the lack of a basic convenience store for newspapers, toiletries, etc (does Disney have some sort of general policy limiting the sale of anything that doesn't have their logo on it? If not can they please starting selling Goofy-branded shaving foam) - for a reliable supply of these you have to walk to the nearby train station. We found the pool area disappointing, especially the fact that it was indoors only. A big negative for us was that the hotel wasn't more than superficially clean - we pulled back the curtains in the lift lobby on our floor to look out the window and found dust and grime everywhere. The fact that our room was cleaned in less than 15 minutes on most of the days that we were there also speaks volumes in this regard (certainly there would not have been time to vacuum the carpet in just 15 minutes).Our overall experience was definitely disappointing. French flair was notable only in its absence, as Disney appears to have done little more than translate the L.A. / Orlando operations manuals into French. The most obvious result of this was that our na茂ve hopes that the food would be better than in Orlando were hopelessly dashed at the first and every subsequent nibble.The service is patchy (most staff do try, but the overall impression is that unlike in Orlando the staff just haven't assimilated into Disney's culture of perpetual but disconcertingly surreal happiness) while the food is either expensive and awful (both in terms of flavour and healthiness) or acceptable but extortionately priced.The main buffet restaurant is named (apparently without any culinary irony) Inventions and for breakfast serves standard fare of mediocre quality. Fresh fruit was notable by its absence (limited largely to over-ripe bananas, dry oranges and floury apples, or otherwise heavily sugared fruit salad) and eggs came in only one variety (scrambled). After two shaky breakfast experiences we were frankly too scared to try it for dinner or lunch.The California Grill attempts to be more up-market and charges accordingly, but it falls very far short. Dinner for 2 adults and 2 children will cost you EUR160-180 (excluding alcohol) for a meal that would be over-priced at half that much. By way of comparison, our meals at La Veranda (Gordon Ramsey's brasserie at Versailles) and at Kong and Alcazar in Paris all cost the same or less and were all immeasurably better value for money. On the plus side the service at The California Grill was reasonably good (the staff were well-trained and attentive) and at least real vegetables (i.e., something other than french fries) were on the menu for our children. Of course, the less said about the Disney park food the better - it's truly horrendous (and, as others have also noted, very expensive). Don't eat in the parks unless you're at death's door - and even then the experience may hasten your demise. All you get is fat and sugar in equally excessive quantities, with a few token attempts at salad thrown in here and there. Admittedly we didn't try every &quot;restaurant&quot; in the park, but nonetheless The Backlot Express at Disney Studios was the only place where we found a half decent salad (pre-made of course, and 80% lettuce with a few token tomatoes and olives), but otherwise everything else in Disneyland or Disney Studios was truly, truly ghastly. It's indeed telling that the culinary highlight of the Disney parks is The Gibson Girl on Main Street USA where the main offering is 12 flavours of Ben and Jerry's. FWIW, in a desperate attempt to find better food we gave Mickey's Café in the Disney Village a chance and at least got table service with salads on the menu, the result of which was something that was at least fresher than the prepackaged stuff inside the parks but which nonetheless completely lacked imagination and consisted of little more than iceberg lettuce leaves.TBH we tolerated the above purely for the sake of our kids, who were naturally in awe of the rides and the characters in costume (not to mention the copious opportunities for toy shopping). By the third day however we had lost our ability to take one for the team, and took an excursion to La Vallee Village, the nearby brand-name outlet mall. This was a very pleasant surprise, not so much for the shopping (which was okay but not great), but rather for the discovery of Bert's Café Contemporain, which offered a great range of fresh sandwiches, pastries, salads, cereals, yoghurts, etc, and which thus provided dinner that night and breakfast the next day as well on our way to Versailles.Clearly it was na茂ve of us to expect an experience much different from Disney World. The rides are as good as the American originals and (despite the apparent cultural aversion most European nationalities have to orderly queuing) Disneyland Paris is almost as well run as its U.S. counterpart so thankfully we (and most importantly our kids) had a good time outside of mealtimes, but it's nonetheless a real shame that Disney can't move beyond abysmally prepared fast-food, even in the gastronomic capital of the world.In summary: don't pay the extra money for the Disneyland Hotel unless you're physically unable to walk the extra kilometer or so from the other Disney hotels. In all likelihood the experience will be equally ghastly at all of the Disney properties, so you might as well pay as little as possible. And take your own food. 