Think twice before booking this hotel

As a Starwood Corporate Preferred Guest, I did not feel welcomed or appreciated at this hotel. Plain and simple! This was my first stay at a W Hotel and the first time that a Starwood property has not exceeded my expectations. There is a prevailing arrogant attitude and lack of emotion among the majority of the staff; however, Christine in the restaurant is an exception to this prevalent culture. She has a wonderful smile and disposition along with a polished professional manner. It is unfortunate that the other staff members have not learned from her.Upon arrival at the hotel, the music was so loud you could barely hear the apathetic Front Desk Clerk. The DVD in our guestroom was inoperable and had to be replaced. One evening, during our stay, we went to the lounge to purchase a drink to take to the room. The hostess did not know how process a room charge. Although we were eventually successful in getting our drinks and taking them to the room, the glasses were never removed from the room during our entire stay. One morning at breakfast, we reported, twice, that the lobby/restaurant men's room was is disarray and needed attention. It was never attended to during our meal.The whatever...whenever (concierge) desk is a joke. One evening, at approximately 11 - 11:30 p.m., we asked Adam if he could recommend a restaurant in the area that serves breakfast items. He relied that all the restaurants in the vicinity were serving dinner and that in my 6 years here, I have never had anyone ask for breakfast at this hour. He eventually called the kitchen to see if they could prepare breakfast at that hour. After asking what we wanted, we said just a couple of ham and cheese omelets. Adam told us it would take an hour. The incident let us know that we were imposing and it was an imposition on everyone involved. Heidi and the others at the desk were not much better. To be quite honest, we ended up using the concierge desk at the Fairmont across the street. There, William truly made us feel welcome and wanted us to experience the best that Seattle had to offer.The evening prior to check out, I enquired at the desk regarding utilizing some of my SPG points toward my stay. The clerk told me that it would need to be done at check out. The next morning as I was settling my account, I spoke to Jeff regarding my desire to apply some of my points. He stated that my account was already settled and who told me that my points could be applied at checkout. After explaining that that I was informed the previous evening by one of the clerks on duty, he stated that he would have to call Starwood to see about getting the points applied to my stay. After it was processed...no smile...no thank you for staying with us...just &quot;there you go&quot;. Although the location is EXCELLENT, think twice prior to booking this hotel! (I wish I had.) 