Worst hotel ever...

Where to begin... My wife and I were going to Seattle to visit family, and decided to try this boutique style of hotel. This is not the first time staying in a boutique hotel, but certainly my last here. Having worked in hotels in the past, I know how to treat the customers, obviously these people do not.When we checked in, and we were not offered any bellstaff for our bags (5 bags for 2 people is bulky), we went to our room, and small it was. That is fine, we were expecting this, so no big deal. As soon as we got there we went down to RedFin which wa a GREAT rest. The people there are amazing, and VERY friendly... Too bad it is not part of the hotel. They warned us to go down if we wanted a beer instead of ordering through room service. This way we could save the $3.00 added fee for delivery. I went back up to my room, and then came down again 10 minutes later. The maintenance staff, housekeepers, staff, and just about everyone has to fit into the 2 SMALL elevators. The staff does not ahve their own elevators. I had to fit in there with the bellboy, and his cart (not an easy fit, and I am not big).We went out the next morning and left the towels on the floor, no coffee, no tea, and no more shampoo, conditioner, or soap. We came back that evening and guess what... No towels, no coffee, not tea, no shampoo, no conditioner, and no soap. We called down and got all of the above, but of course we tipped the service.Next day we got up and went out again. We step out and it is raining... DAMN, we forgot our umbrella in SF. So we are stuck walking around int he rain. all day (staf at the door does not open door, and does not offer anything for the rain, or to get a cab for us). We come back to the hotel and guesswhat we don't have???? YUP, no towels, no coffee, no tea, no shampoo, no conditioner, no soap. But we also seem to be missing my wife's birth control pills. someone STOLE my wife's pills!?!?!?!?!?!?! they were there that morning (she took one).Next day I go out early in the AM to meet up with a buddy. I came back with coffee for myself and my wife. I have 2 cups of coffee in 2 hands, and the doorman is too busy texting on his phone to open the door for me!!!! i had to stack the cups before the doorman noticed I was there. Speaking of doormen, is that really what they are there to do? open doors is their job... But God forbid they do their job. They spend the entire time talking to each other (Cracking jokes), on their phones, or texting (1 guy did offer to get us a cab on evening)...Checkout day was the straw that broke the camel's back... We go down to check out, and a few things came up. I asked about a cab to the airport, and I was told that the hotel would have a town car take us. GREAT, for only $5.00 more I was all about that. Nice, BIG, comfy towncar or a cab... Not a tough call. We check our bags in and get our 5 bag tags. My wife and I went out for a while and came back for our bags and the ride to the hotel. NOW the fun begins. I go out back to go to the restroom, and I saw the door to the baggage storing area WIDE OPEN, and NO ONE was around the room. I waited for over 20 mintes, and no one showed up to close the door. I could have gone in and taken anything i wanted during this time. I went back outfront and gave the guys my bag tags, and they came out with the wrong bag... I mean COME ON!!!! So we get the right bags, and get to the towncar. All of a sudden some lady decided to get in the car with us. I guess the hotel overbooked the towncar, andwe were supposed to share our car with another lady?!?!?!?!!? So in the end, I would say do NOT stay at this hotel. The size is small, but the service is horrendous. I would have expected more from a Best Western hotel in the projects of San Francisco. 