A large fish tank is not enough

We booked our stay for the Easter weekend in a standard room. The hotel is very centrally situated and has a wow factor in the reception atrium with its awe-inspiring aquadrome. This is normally a pay-to-see commercial attraction separate from the hotel, and it has the unfortunate disadvantage of constantly crowding the lobby with passing pedestrians having a free look from the hotel side.Our room was adequate if a little small but was clean and well presented. Our stay entitled us to a bottle of champagne on arrival in the room, but this turned out to be a bottle of German sekt when it arrived. It took a telephone call from us to the manager before room service would replace it with the genuine article.Dinner on the first night in the restaurant H-eat was less than expected. The food was disappointing in presentation and flavour and our main dishes achieved an unusual condition in that they were both over-cooked and cold. Our disapointment was compounded with the arrival of the bill €146 for just 2 courses and wine. Indeed one of the most consistent things with this hotel is its high prices for less than perfect drinks, food and service. Drink prices in the reception bar were high by comparrison with other 5 star Berlin hotels with which we are familiar.Breakfast had to be queued for and it is not ideal to be given the option of breakfast in the reception atrium while being gawped at by tourists along with the fish!One very unpleasant experience in both the restaurant and the lobby bar area was the mass of fruit flies that became a constant and annoying nuisance. Perhaps the hotel will try to remove the nuisance at some stage - certainly staff seemed not to care.The main issue with the hotel is it's 5 star status. I would question any establishment who uses this label while not providing basic 5 star amenities in rooms. No bathrobes or slippers, no mineral water, no CD player, one towel per guest per day, no turn-down service, and poor quality toiletries and absence of simple items such as cotton buds, nail files and hair conditioner. Needless to say, all higher-price rooms offer these but as the place isn't cheap to begin with and it claims to be 5 star why the difference between this and other 5 star operations in Berlin?I do not find a large fish tank sufficient reason to go back and if I ever see another fruit fly it'll be too soon! 