Thought on the Argonaut

I had to be in San Francisco for work on Monday so flew out the Friday before. It seemed obvious to look for somewhere at Fisherman's Wharf and I was very impressed that the Argonaut had rooms available for only $150 a night. It took a while for work to confirm the meeting, by that time I realised that Fisherman's Wharf is full of burger bars and t-shirt shops and the price had risen to $250. But it still seemed a good place to be based so I booked it. Was it worth it? Fisherman's Wharf was dire but the hotel is the very last building on the row - there is a park across the street and you can get up early and walk all the way to the Golden Gate Bridge. In the park is the cable car terminus for the spectacular ride across town and a short walk in the other direction is the historic tramcar that runs all the way along the wharf and also into town.On the plus side, the rooms are large, the building may be in a former cannery but you certainly don't feel like a tinned peach, the furnishings are new, it is impeccably clean and the staff are friendly and helpful. There is a strong nautical theme, a little tiresome, but at least it gives the hotel some character, I can't imagine there is anywhere else like it. But.... Although the room I was shown was on the 2nd floor (ie one above ground) it had a window straight on to the street, as the ground slopes back from the hotel. I was able to move, without a problem, to a room at the side, overlooking a courtyard. That was exceptionally noisy all evening (just of a flight from London all I wanted to do was sleep) and the next day a horrific singer was performing by noon and when I came back at 6 there was someone else, equally bad, there. So I moved again. I was warned about the lack of a view (though only very few rooms would actually have a view of the water) and of street noise was what I wanted - and as the lightwell is huge, the room was still bright and the silence was golden.Where the Argonaut really crashed upon the rocks though was with the miserable restaurant. It was expensive and service was foul, breakfast was a plate of hard bacon and potato pieces together with an egg. When I asked the waiter whether it was meant to be chilled, I was totally ignored. I asked again and there was a grunt, yes, I think (it was quite clear that he really couldn't care less).Someone at work had stayed there before and said that while they wouldn't stay there again, it wasn't so bad that I should cancel. I think that was right. It was fine, there were many plus points but the bad ones were such that I probably wouldn't go back. Though for $150 maybe I could be persuaded ! 