Beware the Majestic!

Preview your room if you must stay! Ok, so after reading all the glowing reviews on TripAdvisor, my wife and I booked into this hotel. I am sorry to say we were deeply disappointed. Room 822.I write this, so as to give other potential clients of the hotel fair warning.Firstly the Good:Location is fantastic, on the Passeig de Gracia an easy walk to the Rambla and a block from the Metro station. The reception and entrance is grand; flowers, marble, efficient staffThe porter service, very sharp and friendly.The Bad:I think this may all have been the unfortunate (intentional or not) allocation of a terrible room. - The room was tiny, even by European standards (We have traveled a lot). The small table and chair infringed on the cupboard, so if one wanted to access the cupboard, you had to move the furniture.- The bathroom was even smaller, my wife and I could not be in this room together. The toilet is right next to the bath/shower, so getting out the shower was a challenge, and some dexterity was required to stand in the available space. Also mildew abounded in the shower- The bed creaked and squeaked. This was partially corrected by housekeeping.- Our room on the 8th floor was underneath the top floor restaurant, so every night at midnight the sound of dragging furniture woke us up. Calling the reception to complain got a quizzical response and the promise to send someone up to investigate - I never received a response to this.- The air-conditioning system is archaic. Every time the thermostat kicked in, the air turned on loudly, and when cool, turned off, loudly again, keeping up awake.- Upon checkout, they were very efficient at billing us, but not once were we asked about our stay. I did complete a survey, and wonder if anyone will see this?So in general, it was a disaster. This is certainly NOT a 5 star hotel. The glossy exterior belies what is inside. At 225 Euros per night, it is certainly not cheap either and I am sure better value can be found elsewhere. Suggestion: If you insist on staying, view your room beforehand!! 