Never Again

Was in the Netherlands May 5 - May 14, 2004 to visit some long-lost family and do some sight seeing. Wanted to catch an early morning train to Paris on May 11, so decided to spend the evenings of May 10 and 11 at a hotel in Amsterdam with location close to Central Station. The pictures on the Hotel Victoria website looked beautiful, and due to it's closeness to Central Station, we booked 2 nights @ 140 EURO a night. When we got to the hotel the front desk staff was rude. They had no interest in serving us what-so-ever. They even went so far as to tell us that they had no reservation for us! I then handed them a copy of the confirmation email they had sent me, and was greeted with an Oh. I see. Not even an apology for the rudeness. Eventually we were given our keys and we headed to our room. Our room was on the second floor in the older part of the hotel. Several flights of steps and several ramps later we arrived at our room. Talk about disappointment! The room was located at the very end of a long narrow hallway. There was a hole in the door where the peep hole should be, (Instead of allowing the person in the inside to see whomever was on the outside, those standing on either side of the door could look in. The bathroom door did not even lock! And the view? Need you even ASK? It was of a brick wall. Also the air conditioning didn't work, so the room was like a sauna. Complaining to the staff got us nowhere. Once again - the rudeness factor was pushed to the max. We checked out after 2 nights and were thankful to be gone. But NO! The hotel stay from hell didn't end there! Imagine my surprise when I arrived home and received my credit card bill - to find out that the Victoria Hotel had charged my credit card a completely different amount then what I had reserved and signed the room for. I was charged DOUBLE the amount that I should have. I quickly got on the phone and called the front desk from my home here in Canada. Once again - front desk staff was rude, (Guess it doesn't matter if you're there in person or on the phone). Was eventually told that I would need to contact accounting department and would have to call back another day to do so. Several days later I got in touch with the accounting department and they said there was nothing they could do. When I told them I had a copy of the confirmation email stating that my reservation was at half the price they had charged my credit card I was once again greeted with Oh. I see. After faxing the required papers to the accounting department I then had to wait 2 weeks for them to issue a refund. Never, never, NEVER will I stay at this hotel again. Not a 4 star hotel. The Victoria Hotel lacks integrity.Next time I'm going to stay at the Amstel with George Clooney and the rest of the Oceans 12 cast.  