Worst European hotel experience we've ever had!

My husband and I just returned from a 7 night stay at the Hotel Langlois. We have relied on TripAdvisor for choosing many of the hotels we have stay in in Europe and we've always been satisfied. But the Hotel Langlois was definitely an exception.We made reservations for a superior double with a large bathroom, but when we arrived, we were given a very small room with a tiny bathroom and angled ceiling on the 6th floor. The mattress was visibly and significantly caved in the middle. We were shocked to say the least. We explained that this is not what was represented and asked if they had any rooms like those pictured on their website. Fortunately, they had two others and let us look at both of them. Both were on the 1st floor and were spacious and attractive like those pictured. But one of them again had a mattress that was visibly caved in the middle and was on the street side, with very loud traffic noise even through the closed windows. We chose the other, mostly because it looked like it had an okay mattress (though very worn) and was quieter. We were content with our choice: two big dressers to put our clothes in, a large bathroom, attractive, and typically Parisian. Unfortunately, we discovered that even though this bed wasn't visibly caved, it was in reality caved, lumpy, and extremely uncomfortable. As another reviewer wrote, it also got unbearably hot with the heaters and we were forced to keep the windows open which caused the radiators to crackle and pop very loudly all night long. Being on the first floor, we could also feel the room rattle every time the metro train went by, which was quite frequently. By the next morning, we were exhausted, having slept very little. Then when it came time for showers, there was almost no water coming out of the shower head, not even enough to get the shampoo out (my husband worked on it for a while and it got better but was still quite bad) - so forced to take baths and wash hair under the running faucet. This continued for the first four nights of our visit. We had scheduled a trip to London in the middle of our Paris trip (thank God!!) and by the time it came to leave, we couldn't have been happier to check out. Fortunately the hotel we stayed in in London was very nice (and cheaper) with excellent beds, and we were finally able to get some sleep.Upon our return, we were given a room on the 6th floor with a completely disfigured mattress - significant mountains and valleys all over. I've honestly never seen anything like it. The room was also small with a bathroom so small that only one of us could stand in it at a time (and this was a superior double!). They had no other room to give us, it was late Christmas Eve, and since we hadn't researched anywhere else to stay, we agreed to stay. We flipped the mattress which made it somewhat better. We slept awful again with the same heat and mattress problems, but this time in addition we had extremely loud plumbing noises that sounded like a waterfall coming into our bathroom every time someone flushed the toilet. By the next morning we figured out what was going on - there literally was a waterfall coming into our bathroom. Some of the pipes were broken and every time someone flushed the toilet their raw sewage was pouring onto our bathroom floor. At this point, I felt pretty resigned to dealing with it and just getting through the next three days, but my husband was so horrified (Thank God) that he demanded another room. The entire time we were there, the staff was overwhelmingly UNhelpful, but this time there was a different person at the desk that my husband spoke to. She was very sympathetic and offered to give us a suite for the price of a superior double. We moved into the suite on the 3rd floor - again another mattress with visible caving in the middle. The bathroom had an awful smell of urine, the TV was broken, the room was overheated, and filled up with exhaust fumes in the morning when the windows were open. By our last night, at about 3:00 am, my husband pulled out one of the chairs that turns into a twin bed and exclaimed, &quot;Oh my God, it's actually comfortable!&quot; A word about the staff: with the exception of one person (a young woman who spoke excellent English and was very kind), the staff was pretty much completely unwilling to help. A month before our stay I contacted the hotel and asked them if they would be able to help with recommendations for Christmas dinner since from what I could tell most restaurants would be closed that day. The woman I spoke to told me it was too early to ask and told me to contact them two weeks before Christmas. So I emailed them two weeks before and was told that they would provide that information when we arrived. When we arrived, my husband asked the older woman (not the young helpful one) at the desk and she said she didn't have any recommendations to give us. Then when we asked again upon our return on Christmas Eve, the man at the desk said he had nothing to recommend. I explained that we really needed help with this and that they agreed to help. I asked him if he would be willing to do some research and find out what was open. The man had the gall to tell me to go research it on my own on their computer! I told him that I had already spent several hours on the internet trying to find something but was not successful because I didn't speak the language, and didn't know the city and what resources to look at. He said, &quot;Well whatever I find you could just find yourself&quot;. I said to him very assertively, &quot;No, it's appropriate for you to do this. It's part of your job. When we return from dinner, I expect you to have this information&quot; Very quickly, he had a restaurant and made reservations for us. Why was it necessary for us to go through that?I also emailed the hotel prior to our stay asking for help with getting Louvre tickets. I said that I had heard that you can avoid the long lines by purchasing the tickets in advance, and asked if they had tickets themselves (a common service of most concierges) or had a way of getting them. I received a very terse and rude reply, &quot;No, it is not possible for us to go and stand in line for you to get your tickets for you&quot;, and then she wrote the word Louvre in all caps because I had misspelled it. When I received this reply, and being upset enough to want to cancel my reservation, I decided it must have been due to a language barrier and gave them the benefit of the doubt, but having experienced the lack of hospitality there, I now know that it wasn't.My husband and I have stayed in many hotels throughout Europe and South America at comparable or cheaper prices, and I can honestly say that this is the worst hotel experience we have ever had. Some of the rooms are spacious and attractive and it is in a very convenient location, but unless they buy new mattresses and undergo some significant renovations (heaters, plumbing, etc) and hire new staff that is actually interested in helping, I cannot possibly recommend this hotel. Having gone through the experience, although I never would have imagined saying it, I would recommend staying at a cookie-cutter, boring Ibis for a comparable or cheaper rate. At least there you'll get some sleep. 