Location location location

Just to put you in the picture i am in my mid twentys and i went to amsterdam with my boyfriend for a nice weekend break.Compared to the majority of accommodation in Amsterdam this place was a god-send. It is located right on Dam square which is such a brilliant location to explore the city.- The staff were polite and efficient and the rooms were a nice size and were very clean (i was on the 5th floor - not sure if this makes a difference). They also provided all the essentials in travel size (toothbrush, toothpaste, comb, hairbrush, shaving kit, shampoo, shower gel etc etc) - you dont get all of these in most hotels.Being from the hotel industry myself i can say that this is very satisfactory indeed. Dont book if you are looking for a good 4 star hotel and have high expectations but if you are expecting a mid range 4 star or high end 3 star then this is your place.Amsterdam was brilliant. Reccommendations are:Hire a bike!! This is my top tip. The first day we walked and our feet were killing by the end of it. Hiring a bike allowed us to visit all the sights at ease - and it was lots of fun too!! I reccommend the bike shop in between central staion and Dam sq (if you're at Dam sq and looking in central station direction then its on the right hand side). They charge 7euros per day whereas others we saw were 6 euros for 3 hours. We had the bikes for two days and it was only 13euros BARGINVondelpark - beautiful. We only meant to pop in for an hour or so but ended up staying for 5 hours (it was a nice day). Make sure you take your bike! Goucho grill - we had spare ribs and steak - you get as many ribs as you can eat! Lovely food, nice setting!Leidseplein - buzzing atmosphere - good to dine alfresco or have a drink and people watch.Brown Cafe - we went to a cafe called 'Get down to it' - great atmosphere and everything you would expect from a brown cafe in AmsterdamRed Light District - we walked through about 5 times. Definitely an experience!! 