Disappointed

I felt like I was staying in a completely different place to everyone else who has reviewed this hotel. So much so, I repeatedly checked the address of this hotel against everyone's reviews. Alas, I was staying at the right place, but my experience was far from excellent. This is a well-located no frills hotel best used as a base to explore Berlin, but is confused as to who its market actually is (what it is doing advertising its business credentials when it has no business facilities, I do not understand). Everything was barely average - rooms, breakfast, service, cleanliness etc. etc. etc. During my 3 night stay, the hotel was at capacity - maybe explaining the deterioration in quality from that experienced by previous reviewers. There were always long queues at reception and only 1 person to deal with the queries. The staff throughout the hotel appeared harried and stressed. Our initial room was reminiscent of a hospital room. We asked to change rooms the second night as the first room was too eerie - I half expected to see hospital orderlies coming in and there was a nurse call button in our room. Our second room was an improvement. For a hotel that is only apparently 2 years old, the furnishings look worn. There are the bare basics in each room - bed/ desk/ chair and a small open wardrobe. I agree with a previous reviewer - the bathrooms are strange. Our first room had an &quot;open plan&quot; bathroom with no barrier at all around the shower!!! (very large flood occurred). Housekeeping was not up to standard. Stray hair left behind in the bathroom from previous occupants is not a good look. There was a continental breakfast buffet that would have been ok, had it not been so overcrowded that there was actually food available. The staff seemed to be having difficulty keeping up with demand. On the 3 mornings there, there were always groups of people gathered around the empty bread basket ready to pounce like vultures when the bread actually arrived. There is 1 internet console in the &quot;business&quot; corner in the internet but it was impossible to actually use it. There is no wireless facility in this hotel. Unless you speak German, TV viewing is limited unless you pay for digital TV. For English speakers, there was the choice of CNN and Eurosport. They advertised BBC world, but we were unable to get a signal as the TV was analogue and BBC world has gone digital. If you want a budget no-frills hotel, with a good location to sight-see, stay here - but I suspect you could do better for your $$$ elsewhere in Berlin. 