Nice place, good staff, clean and good location

I used Priceline Name your own price and got a room for a 2 night stay for $101 a night. When I got there it was about noon and I had to wait until after 2:30 to check in but they held our bags for us  we just went out and grabbed some lunch. There was a little bit if a mix-up regarding my request for a king size bed but the management ended up upgrading me to a corner room (larger room, HDTV, king bed) and didn't charge us.We also asked to be put in the new tower, as recommended by other people here. It was nice but we explored the older tower and it was nice too. My only complaint about the new tower is that the pool/spa/workout area is located on top of the OLD tower and you have to go through the lobby to get to it. If we knew that then we would of been happy to have a room in the old tower.Free wifi in the lobby but you have to pay for it in the room. A GREAT room safe! I have a larger laptop and this is the first hotel that it could be locked up with room to spare.The staff was professional and polite, and they actually knew the answers to any questions I asked. The place was spotless, even with a convention going on. We asked for robes and they happily supplied 2 nice comfy ones...no charge.My only minuses were the bed was a little hard (but still comfy) and the additional fees for the little things...which is typical of the hotels in Seattle anyway. Parking was $35 a day and in-room internet was $11 a day.Otherwise: nice size rooms, good security, friendly staff, clean, and the employees were professional and friendly. If you are flying in I would suggest not renting a car as down Seattle can get crazy  parking is expensive. This hotel was within walking distance to most attractions (the Space Needle has a monorail a couple of blocks away) and I would be happy to stay there again. A cab from/to the airport is about $30. They have a generic shuttle that runs through a string of different hotels for $18 round trip pp. 