Good and Comfortable hotel

We decided to spend Christmas and New Year in Barcelona and decided on the Hotel Gran Marina - less than a 10 minute walk from the old port to the Ramblas.I planned it was quieter than being right amongst the action in the town or Ramblas.I got a good deal over the holiday period - surprisingly better than all the online hotel finders, by going directly to the hotel itself. We did book it in July but it was a good lesson in that all the cheapest deals offers are not always the cheapest. Closer to the holiday I ordered some flowers for the room as a present for my wife and even though the hotel already had my credit card details as part of the booking process, they wanted payment up front and I had to mail photocopies of my passport and credit card. I was unhappy at this risky exercise and it certainly was not what I expected from a 5 star hotel.I also wanted to reserve a table for New Year's Eve and this also was subject to the send payment up front process.We arrived to a friendly welcome and a very comfortable King Premier room, which I had requested at the front of the hotel so that there was a view of the city and waterfront. The rear of the hotel faces into a large inner square, bounded by office buildings and does not have any views.Breakfast was good at a fixed 15 euros for a help yourself comprehensive buffet but if you only wanted a coffee and a croissant, it was still 15 euros.We ate most breakfasts by having a short walk to the Ramblas and trying the different bars and restaurants there.The hotel is on a large arm that projects into the port area and it is a very busy ferry terminal as well as cruise ships port - presumably many cruises in the summer. This did cause some continuous noise during the evening and early morning. There was also a disco in the base of one of the nearby buildings which was noisy as people exited in the early hours at weekends (and summer ?). Both of these noise problems would probably be solved by an inner room but sacrificing the views - you pays your money and takes your choice.Room was very comfortable, complementary cava and chocolate strawberries on arrival (absolutely recommended) and there were fresh sheets put on the enormous bed every day by a very efficient maid service.A relaxing and very friendly bar lounge and a roof top area that would be great in summer - just a little cool in the December sunshine.The door staff also worked hard and responded to quips and jokes.Reception and Concierge were overall friendly but not very efficient. We tried to book for Christmas Lunch and were told that there wasn't a table available, then there was, then one concierge team did not pass on our booking for 2 days to reserve a table. When Christmas lunch came, a very well prepared 4 course meal, there were only 4 tables in the whole restaurant occupied - you don't expect to be given this sort of run around in a 5 star hotel !Concierge had advised us that there were some areas in the city that needed to be avoided and that very late at night we should phone Reception, who would send a taxi for us. We went to Christmas Eve midnight mass in the old Cathedral and on exiting after 1am we phoned for a taxi. The response was  very busy, not many taxis, you'll have to walk, I can't help you !!!I would be dismayed if a 3 star hotel staff member told me he couldn't help me but when a 5 star hotel Reception member tells you that, then I question their commitment to guest service. We walked home and did arrive safely but it was the low point of the stay.Because we were staying for a 3 week period the hotel requested me to settle an interim bill half way through, something that puzzled me as I had given them my credit card detils back in July (and had posted them with my passport details). Anyway I paid it but found on my return home that they had debited the amount twice on the same day and even though they refunded it a few days later, it had sent my bank account into the red and I had to pay bank charges on it - so much for 5 star efficiency !Overall - yes we enjoyed the stay despite the hotel's failings and I think this was made up for by the atmosphere in Barcelona. It was buzzing in December, so goodness knows what its like in the height of summer. We had read about the iffy areas and the scam merchants but our impression was that the city takes it's tourism seriously, there were always police about (not in an unnerving way) and the streets were always clean ( we saw street sweepers cleaning up at 1-30am on Christmas morning !) They are making big efforts to further clean up the old areas and overall we felt safe and relaxed, even on the metro - which is a fabulous system, as indeed is all the transport set up. Just be aware it is a big tourist city and keep your wits about you - don't flaunt money or cameras, etc..The Barcelona people are a strange breed. We came across waiters who were unfriendly to the point of hostility but if you just accept this as some city quirk and let it go over your head, then its quite fun to be really friendly to someone who is having a permanently bad day, every day. The friendliest waiters and bar staff are the ones from out of town!One tip - check your change, as many waiters and taxi drivers decide what tip you are giving before you have thought about it and take it upfront !!Barcelona - yes, loved it - the difficulties just made the experience more interesting !!! 