Nice, but too many faults

Spent 5 nights (in Aug 30 - out Sep 4) at bargain rate of approx $200 US per night booked on line thru an internet wholesaler. Arrived very early in AM on the 30th and was told the house was full and check in time was 3PM. So, we headed for roof top pool deck and hung out and dozed on chaise for a couple of hours. Around 10AM, we headed down thru lobby and discovered our room was ready. Having read the Trip Advisor warnings, we asked to see the room before taking our luggage up. It was 310, a twin bedded room in the back overlooking a parking lot and some air-conditioning unit. The front desk said it was a quiet room with lots of light. We demurred and insisted on a different room (and overheard others get upgrades at front desk) - and so we ended up in 729, with a balcony in front of hotel and a lovely view of Passeig de Gracia. Nice, light, quiet enough despite vehicle traffic outside.It was a somewhat painful time-consuming process to obtain an okay room. The room was smallish, bathroom functional but stonework in need of sprucing up. Mattress in need of replacement or rotation - I felt I would slide off the bed because the mattress leaned towards the telephone. Bedding okay - sheets decent enough quality. Plenty of pillows of different shapes and hardness. Message light on phone stayed lit for entire stay despite our numerous calls to front desk to address it. Housekeeping excellent. Hard finding any English speaking TV stations on the lovely flat screen TV. Turn down service nice touch. No noise from hallway.Elevators (all sets of them)- pathetically slow, at times, and small and hot. Hotel lobby and fancy restaurant undergoing some sort of renovation (someone said the air conditioning system was being fixed). Breakfast (included in price) was served in a conference room on lobby level our first 3 days and then in usual location (sub-basement level) last two days. Nice buffet selection...attentive service. No complaints. Free newspapers (some in English).The hotel has a decent gym area near the pool on roof as well as sauna and steam room. The sauna and steam can be used only upon payment of fee and with reservation. Plenty of chaises and chairs on roof, from which you can see Sagrada Familia Church, port, Montjuic- etc etc. Great views.The hotel is less than one block from Passeig de Gracia metro station which is very convenient to get down to Ramblas or to Barciloneta (sic) or anywhere. We took a Renfe train from that station to Sitges this past Sunday. Hotel is okay walk (slightly downhill) to Placa Catalon, but you'll will find the slight street grade incline makes the return walk a bit more grueling. Hotel was longer walk from Placa Catalon than we would have liked.Free ice and lemon and lime flavored water available 24/7 off lobby, along with red and green apples.Concierge extremely gracious and generous with time, advice, restaurant recommendations and reservations. Last night, we had ballet tickets at Liceu and had to depart hotel before Cafe d'Academia opened and could confirm. We headed for the popular restaurant after our show ended and, sure enough, hotel had come through with sought after reservation. Kudos to Concierge Christine and her colleagues.Despite its many features, I would be inclined to stay in a hotel in the Barri Gotic next time or, much more likely, the fabulous Hotel Arts right on the beachfront in Port Olympic, but a five minute walk from old city. We toured that hotel, and the rooms and views are impressive.I feel we got our money's worth at the Majestic, but only because we landed a terrific internet rate. 