Good Hotel...

Great position/view We went to this hotel during December with my daughter aged 9 for her birthday. We booked a junior suite, which consisted of a bedroom, a separate living area, a little patio and a shower/hydro sauna combination with a jacuzzi in the bathroom. The most annoying factor was that when I'd booked this online, I had made a request for an extra bed for a child in the comments section, I even phoned up SRS to make sure that this was possible for the room type we'd booked as you couldn't specify a child occuping a room with parents on line. When we arrived at the hotel however, they claimed that they had not been informed and had no record of such a request. What appeared to be manager of the day made a bit of huff and puff about putting in an extra bed (rollaway style). This was a little annoying, particularly as it was my little daughters birthday present. I also thought it bad form that they charge full adult rate for an extra (rollaway) bed being put in (about $50 per night if my memory serves me correctly), particularly in a suite where you have a separate 'living area' anyway. Though reading through the fine print once you've booked, they do say children over 3 are charged at the full rate.Eventually it was sorted it out however, and the room was nice enough, though I thought a little dark, as it was on the side of the hotel.. it did have a little balcony which was nice. The decor was a little brown/white and minimilist for my liking. I would have liked tea/coffee making facilities in the room as well, but we did order snack/drinks via room service and it was fine.The general staff were pleasant and helpful. The hydrosauna is fun, however, the instructions are not great.. it took us a little time to work out how to get a steam room effect in it.. and you have to wait quite a while for it to get going (we though it wasn't working)...The hydromassage takes some working out as well.. we all got hydromassaged heads.. because we couldn't work out how to stop the 'top' jets (suitable for very tall people I think!).They do need to put some new plastic instructions into the shower as the ones inside are worn away in parts. The view from the hotel is just fanstastic.... Barcelona bustling and all the mime artists in the middle boulevard, and you are SO in the middle of it all. A short walk to the cathedral, which at Xmas was nice with the market. The metro stop is close at hand as well, handy for visiting all the spots.Overall, a good hotel, reasonable rooms, great position. 