Nice staff but very poor management

We just returned from Berlin after we booked two 5 day packages for this hotel through LuxuryLink. Since each package included a dinner at their restaurant (Facil) I had emailed the hotel to make certain that the reservations had been made and for which nights, as I had requested in March when I booked the stay. Two days before we left, I received an email stating that the restaurant was closed. After a game of email tag, they wrote that they agreed to book us in another restaurant. Fine. When we arrived, the staff was very nice and helpful, held our luggage for us, gave us some tips, brought us towels to freshen up, etc. Couldn't have been nicer. Then it all fell apart. They also did not mention that the hotel was being renovated. Drilling and hammering started at 8:30 a.m. and paint fumes filled the halls to the point of giving us a headache. Also, try getting a newspaper delivered to your room. They finally got it right by the time we left. The final straw was trying to book the second dinner. The first one they arranged was great - Vox which I highly recommend. I kept asking whether we could book the second dinner for the night before we left. After much hand wringing from the staff let me know that the manager would need to approve it. I kept repeating taht the package included two dinners. They kept telling me that the manager would call. That never happened. Finally one morning there was a note on the desk which I found after coming out of the shower. It indicated that they would allow us a second dinner at Le Forbourg restaurant at 8pm. Now the manager's tone of &quot;allowing us&quot; was annoying since we paid for his as part of the package. Long story to short, the restaurant had no reservation or idea of any arrangement. It was very embarrassing. Sitting down to what was one of the worst meals in Berlin (we never had the chance to order wine, needed a flare to get a waiter, basically inedible food, you get the idea), we were out of there in a half an hour. The front desk at the hotel apologized said they'd take care of it.  After waiting for three hours for a response from the manager, I finally camped out in the lobby to wait for him (Herr Schaeffer). He first said that he tried to speak with me and there was no answer at our room, which was a lie since we sat there for three hours. Then he basically told me that there's nothing he could do, they'd pay for that meal at that restaurant, not arrange another and blamed the entire episode on Luxury Link. Then proceeded to tell me that the restaurant did indeed have a reservation for us and that there was a miscommunication. THEN he proceeded to tell me that they had placed phone calls me to letting me know that the restaurant was closed and that they were renovating.This was not the case and his accusitory tone was at best rude, at worst innappropriate. His lack of customer care was a nightmare. I Seems like he had someone to blame for everything - including us! If you're going to offer a package, don't make the clients feel like welfare cases by using the amenities, Avoid this hotel. 