good experience overall

I just got back from a few nights stay at this hotel, which I chose after reading all the glowing reviews at TripAdvisor. The reviewers were spot on in prepping me for the ups and downs of this hotel. I stayed near the Needle when in Seattle last year and had done some exploring then and had figured out the city somewhat, so was curious about staying in the U district and wasn't disappointed with that choice. I agree with another reviewer that it is important to know what you're doing if you're going to stay near the U vs. downtown or Queen Anne. But the hotel has a shuttle service with very accommodating and helpful drivers, it's easy to use and readily available, as is their car service which you can reserve for rides to and from the airport. I used their car service for a one day conference in Bellevue and was pleased with how that worked out. The hotel also can call cabs for you if it's not during shuttle hours, and they come right away and are helpful too. The front desk staff was pretty good, helpful and friendly. Every once in a while I asked a question that confused them, but there was someone else to ask and they did their best to make sure I had correct answers to my questions. Fitness room was adequate - heck, Seattle has so many outdoor fitness options, including bicycles and helmets to borrow at the hotel - so you don't have to settle for the fitness room as the only option. Breakfast was adequate as well, more than ample choices and it was decent and available over several hours which was nice. Breakfast and happy hour with wine and beer and little snacks on the weeknights were included with the room price. There are plenty of other hotels in Seattle in higher price ranges that don't offer nearly as much as this place does. The rooms are pretty nice, a little on the small side (at least the studio I had was a little small, but you're not in the room that much), but they seem European in feeling, with windows that open and very clean and well appointed, lots of nice pillows and modern fixtures and bathrobes and decent bath products. The A La Carte option is also fun, and a nice free feature. AAA discount offers decent rates. And on the last night, since housekeeping forgot to make up my room, the front desk made a special deal for me to make up for that disappointment, which was greatly appreciated. It is a wonderful selling point to have that kind of service which is more than willing to go out of their way when it's their oversight causing a guest disappointment. I don't always find this level of service at hotels that are more expensive, so it goes a long way when hotel staff are willing to pay that extra attention to guest comforts and complaints. The Watertown certainly has another fan! 