Not impressed!

We booked this 4* hotel on the strength of the recommendations on trip advisor and boy were we disappointed! All our previous selections had been a great sucess, so we thought we'd increase our budget slightly and stay here for 2 nights on our way home. We were travelling with 2 small children (57) so booked one room for us all.The lobby of the hotel is small and gloomy with 2 inconvenient steps down and this just about sums up the hotel. We received a lukewarm welcome at check in (early evening) and a very weak offer of help with parking and our luggage. The room itself was dark with 2 very small double beds, but a view of the spaceneedle. The bathroom was dated (compared to other hotels we had just visited), a pretty pathetic shower and a hole in the ceiling.We asked at guest services for recomendations for children friendly restaurants and the staff shrugged their shoulders until a member of staff called Dave came to help us. He was the most helpful member of staff we came across our entire stay! He gave us directions  even advised us on portion sizes. The other times that we contacted front desk/guest services (very difficult to tell them apart) we were met by unhelpful  unknowledgable staff for very straightforward requests verging on the sarcastic and rude. We enquired about other breakfast restaurants, whale watching tours and pottery barn locations) and we ended up doing our own research and bookings. The standard of housekeeping was not as good as it should have been - the maid didn't remove or replace dirty cups  glasses and wanted to get in our room at 8am on the day we were checking out.We only ate breakfast only once in the hotel, and the waitress (a mature lady) started off by giving our children (who were sitting quitely) a lecture about behaving and being good for their parents. Slow service given a nearly empty restaurant.The hotel is located centrally and we were able to walk to places, but the parking is $27 a day for guests which we thought pricey. We were also told by the front desk that internet access on our laptop was free, but at checkout $11 per day had been added to our bill. When I questioned this, I was told that as I had been 'miss told' they would remove it, but I was made to feel pretty bad about it.Overall, its a dark, dated hotel let down badly by the unhelpful and rude staff. We couldn't believe all the previous excellent tripadvisor reports! 