Aweful service, overpriced, bad mangement and disappointing rooms

First I have to say: we love boutique hotels, booked them all over the world and do not mind to pay the usually a bit steeper price for nice rooms. But staying at the Lux 11 for three nights was one of the most disappointing stays we ever had.The service was very poor to say the least, arriving we were treated more as annoying invaders rather than greeted as guests. Fhe first appointed room was not their standard square room in this category, but a corner room, that way the actual usage space of the room was tiny, no space even to put one bigger suitcase. After complaining we learned that all the other rooms in this category were booked out. We were only offered higher category rooms, for a much higher price. The prices were even much higher than the price we would have paid on the website through which we booked our room. Pointing that out to the front desk manager we were told that he cannot give us the room for that website price, since they will sell these rooms anyway for the high price. Eventually they downgraded us to the lowest category room. That room was still a bit bigger than the corner room in our booked higher category, but still was tiny, tiny, tiny. It was facing the street, even though the hotel advertises its windows as sound proof, they are not. The noise of the traffic will wake you up very early in the morning. Within three nights, we never did not get our normal category room. On top of it the personal was very rude not only to us, but to a biz partner who called in and afterwards he was connected to the wrong room. All together the rooms are not really stylish, just trying hard and even more tiny than we experienced in Tokyo or Hong Kong island and totally overpriced. The bigger rooms are ok, but even more overpriced (starting from around 300 US Dollar without breakfast). The internet charge is 40 Euros per day, about 60 US dollar.The service is poorly to say the least, up to being rude. Apparently we were not the only ones making this bad experience his was the first hotel were the management decided to downgrade us, after figuring out they do not have a decent room in the booked category - even though they had other rooms available. Our advice: Do not book Lux 11 it really spoiled our stay in Berlin! .. 