Great location but not 5 star

Stayed here for 3 nights in May 08, in an executive canal room. Good stuffThe location is the best in Amsterdam, away from the noise and sometimes seedy side of Amsterdam. The hotel is situated on a quiet picture postcard canal and our room (282d) had lovely views of the canal on the 'back entrance' and the houses with big tall windows and was light and sunny - worth staying here for location alone - only the Dylan would compare if you want quiet and upmarket residential area.Staff were friendly and most were helpful Great restaurants and bars nearby - would recommend the Koh i Noor indian around the corner - book in advance as it is small and well used by locals.Bed was superb - very comfortable, excellent linens and choice of pillows.Room very clean and housekeeping did provide turndown service etcLots of hot water, marble bathroom good shower  tub and plenty of toiletries refreshed daily. Towels soft and plentifulDid the hotel boat trip - went for 11am sunday which was quiet and wonderful and much better than the big tour water buses - worth the extraFood at b/fast was excellent although it did get very busyBar was excellent although pricey, service very good.Free internet access and printing in the business centre - ideal for online check inconceirge helpfulDisappointingWhilst we had a good stay the hotel did not live up to 5 star expectations. The room was very small by luxury standards and the bathroom very very small - also it just did not seem like a 5 star hotel - great location but lacking in finess and service. The room was dated and showing signs of wear and tear - and this was very true of the whole hotel - lots of scuffed walls and dated carpets and the reception needs remodelling - we did ask to change rooms to something larger and more 'luxurious' but were told that ours was one of the best executive rooms - and we were shocked! As the hotel was full then no upgrades were availableDue to the lack of soundproofing noise travels and we had noisy neighbours next door and above us which impacted on sleep.Our trip was a special occasion and we had booked champagne and flowers - neither of which were there on arrival and had to be chased - eventually delivered the next day - and the champagne was only a half bottle which was very mean - however the booking option does not say a full bottle but for the difference in price I had assumed it would be! Due to the hotel being full, which it seems to be every weekend, and offers on for cheaper b/fasts before 9am then the best time seems to be about 9.45 am - peak time is 11am, and b/fast is served until 1pm on the weekends. Food was very good and plentiful (with freshly squeezed OJ) but the service struggled to keep up on saturday and sunday morning - monday was much better for service as a whole and I guess that during the week is much better and quietier. However they do have great coffee and lots of choices on the buffet.Overall a reasonable stay, not 5 star (perhaps somewhere between 4-4.5) but the location and the bed/linens would mean that we would re visit - but would book well in advance to get the best rate - if you wait the rate only goes up! We left it too late and paid too much for what we got. If you were getting this hotel 'free' with points it would be a bargin espiecally if you could get a canal view room - however if booking again I would state a room on a high floor as the canal can be noisy at weekends with the locals taking to their boats. 