Tired rooms, poor service, noisy refurbishment

Myself and my new husband stayed at this hotel recently as part of our honeymoon. We stayed at a total of 8 properties during our 3 week trip to Australia and this is the only one that will be getting a negative review.Firstly the plus points- fantastic location which could not be better, and stunning views of the bridge and Opera house. The concierge were very helpful and friendly, the guy who brought our bags up was lovely, and they were also able to recommend some good restaurants. For me- thats it.The room itself was very tired, the furniture was a bit 80's and although everything was very clean, it just did not have the high quality finish and look I was expecting for a hotel chain with this reputation. It just was not in my opinion of 4* quality. Another thing which I really found irritating was the lack of mirror over the dressing/writing table. The only mirror for applying my make up was in the bathroom, and it may just be me but I like to sit down in front of the mirror and take my time getting ready! I guess if we had not paid so much for the room I would not have had such an issue but I just felt it was not good value for money. I also think it did not help that we had stayed in a Shangri La hotel in Hong Kong and not only were the rooms stunning but they absolutely gave us the special treatment. The other major gripe I have with this hotel is that there were definately some form of room refurbishments going on while we were there on the floor above ours. On the first day we arrived we were very tired from our flights and attemtped to have a pre dinner nap at around 4.30pm, however there was very loud banging and drilling from above. I called reception and explained and they told me there was work going on but it would be finished by 5pm. I asked if this was going to continue throughout our stay and was told it was but that it would only be between the hours of 9am and 5pm. I was not really happy with this as we were not warned of any refurbishment when we booked, but I decided to let it lay as figured I was probablly just grumpy from the long flight and lack of sleep! The next morning I had to ring reception again when the work had clearly started at 8am, I was prettty much fobbed off and told as far as they were concerned it was not supposed to start until 9am. Nobody came back to me and I relaised at that stage nobody was interested. The next morning as we were leaving there was drilling from above which started at 7.30am. Its not even so much the noise that upset me but the the complete lack of service that went with it or follow up of my complaint.The hotel does need some updating so I can understand why it is going on but I feel you should be made aware when booking if you are going to be disturbed by noise during your stay.Another thing which I found a little annoying was that twice they came around to do the turn down service at around 6.30pm whilst we were getting ready to go out for the evening. Surely most people at this time in the evening are having showers etc. 