Perfect Location, Priced A Little High

We stayed at this hotel on a trip to San Francisco Sept. 22 - 24. The location is terrific - two blocks from Fisherman's Wharf. We stayed there with another couple in 2 rooms.Upon arriving, there was a very long and confusing to do with the valet parking - we hadn't gotten our luggage out of th car and the valet wanted the keys. We were told to take our luggage out and wait for the concierge, who never showed up. There were about five other cars in the area - we were told if we needed the car, the valet would get when we needed it. There was a fee of $29 per day for the parking. We parked the car and never needed to take it out until we left. We checked in during the daily wine tasting the hotel provided. That left the small lobby loaded with people blocking the desk and walkways. The wine tasting is a great idea but the lobby is so small that the crowds block access. I was totally amazed that the other guests didn't budge out of the way so we could get to our rooms. Check in was quick. Our rooms were very small but beautifully decorated. We had no view - all we saw out the window was the back of another wing of the hotel. There was a mini-bar but it was locked and we did not have the key. There was a small refrigerator in the room. The furnishings were lovely. Some rooms had the bathroom sink outside the bathroom, which we would have preferred, but our sink was inside the bathroom. The bathroom was clean and bright and the toiletries (shampoo, conditioner, creams) were so good that we took the leftovers home because there was a website selling the shampoo listed on the bottle.The beds were comfortable, the shower was hot, the towels luxurious. There was an ice machine on our floor but the soda machine was out of order. There was a 7-11 convenience type store down the street so we simply got soda there while we were out. Our air conditioner was terribly loud our first night there. The second day we stopped at the desk and spoke to the friendly clerk who had it fixed for us when we came back that night.There is a moderately priced Italian restaurant in the hotel that we had a deceont dinner at, but there are so many restaurants on the Wharf we preferred to eat there. We found an IHOP around the corner for breakfast.It is a 2 block walk to the wharf and the location is very convenient. We also were within walking distance of the cable cars and even walked up to Lombard Street.We paid $169 per night. While the rooms were lovely for that price they were extremely small, but the location was just perfect.I'd recommend this hotel to others, but now that I have seen the area, might stay elsewhere if I could find a better price. 