Quaint, friendly and perfectly located.

We went to Amsterdam for New Year 2008 and decided to stay at the Hotel Nadia for the third time. Before considering the Hotel Nadia you must consider Amsterdam as a whole. It is a vibrant beautiful city but not the most accessible at times. If you are deciding on which hotel to stay at and are concerned about the size or layout of the hotel then you simply must realise that this is Amsterdam and everything is condensed.With that in mind on with the review....The Hotel Nadia is quite simply the most friendly hotel we have ever stayed in anywhere in the world. The staff are always approachable and will always greet you with a friendly hello. Nothing is too much to ask from them and they have given us some great advice and help over the years. When you arrive at the Hotel you will be greeted not only by a friendly member of staff but also a daunting stairway up into the main reception area. I can not sum up just how daunting the stairs are at first but as mentioned before this is Amsterdam and everywhere is like that here. But I promise you that you do get used to the stairs and the staff are always willing to shuttle your luggage up for you. Once you are up the stairs you are greeted with a complimentary drink (much needed!) We were also greeted in our room by a fantastic bouquet of flowers welcoming us back home and its really apt as staying here is like staying with friends more than staying in a hotel. The rooms are small (again like most hotels in Amsterdam) but furnished wonderfully with some really quirky features. Everything you need in your room is there (Shower, WC, Fridge, Safe, TV with tons of channels etc) but the best rooms are ones with a balcony as the view is tremendous as you can see the stunning Westerkerk from your room but also the canal that runs alongside the building. The location is perfect as its central enough to make most important sights a mere five minute walk (Anne Frank House, Red Light District, Dam Square) and also slap bang in the middle of two supermarkets and a load of little cafes and restaurants that are also reasonably priced as they are slightly off the beaten track. There are also some lovely boutique shops two minutes away along the canal. It is the safest hotel we have ever stayed in too, Amsterdam can be quite boisterous at times what with stag weekends etc but thankfully Nadia is a family hotel that avoids the usual tourist groups due to its location. The hotel manager is also a great security plus in the hotel as he is a lovely man but you certainly wouldn't want to get on the wrong side of him!!Breakfast is more than acceptable offering coffee, juices, teas, bread, toast, croissants and various cakes. The breakfast room itself is a sight to behold as it is beautiful. We have dietary requirements when staying in a hotel and this was and never has been a problem for us in the Nadia. All in all I have nothing to say other than good things about the Hotel Nadia. If you are looking for a flashy sterile five star hotel then this probably isn't the place for you.But if you are looking for a safe, reasonably priced friendly hotel with awesome five star staff and a wonderful location then I strongly suggest booking the Nadia ASAP. Just don't book it when we want to stay here because I don't think we could ever stay anywhere else even if it was a five star hotel for free! We would miss the staff here far too much and it would feel like we were cheating on them! That how much we love of this hotel. 