Disappointing

Several problems found on the hotel (we stayed in room 451 facing the roof of the hotel):- We booked the hotel from Portugal through a travel agency. There was no info about diferent rooms, no info about diferent prices or even no info about diferent features of the rooms.- At check in they gave us a, what they called, standard room, that means it has no air conditioned, no locker and they are tiny rooms.- We complaint at the reception and it was told us that we could have a, what they called, executive room for an extra 50 € Or else we had to stick with our tiny, dusty, hot room.- We took a look at the new room... it doesn't worth the 50€ per nigth, but what the hell, we took it.- The beds were terribly uncomfortable. One of them had a big whole where should be the mattress.- They left dirty towels in the bathroom in 3 diferent days. In the first day we complaint, but nothing was done.- On the last day, even a ripped towel was left on the bathroom- The room was extremely dusty.- The shower switcher was broken and always fawlling off.- The eyespy on the door was covered with paper left there by previous guests. There was a warning on the door that says always look through the eyespy and be sure when you open the door. The room service is always confirmed by phone. This doesn't give the guests any security warranty.- In the breakfast when it is near the closing time for the breakfast buffet the waiters make some ultimatums to the guests: The buffet is going to close in 10 minutes. If you want anything else you have to go there now and take it from the buffet.- We found in 2 or 3 days all the dirty towels from the rooms through out the corridors on floor. No wonder if they get dirty....- In the breakfast buffet, on the last day, the ice used to keep the fruit cold started melting e falled on the floor. The maintenance was called right away. No problem until here. The problem starts when some of the waiters start trying to dry the floor with the table towels.Has a conclusion:If i was expecting to stay in a youth hostel all this things were minor problems. But we stayed at a 4 star hotel, on a called executive room. From my point of view this is unacceptable. I agree with one of the reviews here, the hotel deserves a 2 star at the most. The location of the hotel isn't everything. The city has very good public transportation. It is probably a better choice to stay in a hotel outside the city center and use the tram and other public transportation. 