Nice Hotel, Central Location

My family and I stayed here during what will be remembered as one of the worst winters Seattle has seen in recent memory. Fortunately, the Sheraton is a few blocks away from great shopping and walking through the snow wasn't bad at all. In fact, we had to walk to all of our destinations because the Taxi's and Public Transportation system were not running at full capacity. We even walked to Pike's Place and the Aquarium one day and the Seattle Center another (yeah, the monorail was down also!). Still quite bearable from the Sheraton and my son thought running through all the snow was a blast.A few interesting things I noticed, lots of people smoking, and it didn't seem that most folks walking around were very friendly or courteous at all. I got the feeling that if I didn't get out of someone's way they'd walk into me. Maybe I just thought Seattle would be a little friendlier given the great reputation they have as being such a liveable place.The room was nice and comfortable. About what you'd expect from a four star hotel. Service was okay but not quite the same as a Grand Hyatt or similar. From what I understand we stayed in the newer renovated tower which is supposed to be much nicer than the other, older tower. We were nearly at the top so views, while not spectacular, weren't bad since you see above most everything other building. I'd suggest staying away from the in hotel restaurant. Quite expensive and service was mediocre. Just across the street is a ChesseCake Factory which is a much better deal for nearly the same quality of food. Only problem is that the Factory doesn't open for breakfast. My suggestion would be to have a donut and coffee for breakfast, you're in Seattle after all! There really aren't too many simple places to eat in the near vicinity unless you go to the food courts in one of the shopping centers nearby. The ones we went to seemed to be quite upscale so even the food court can be a bit pricey given the type of food served. All in all a pleasant stay. 