Way overrated

I completely agree with the previous post - I was there over the New Year holiday and I cannot recommend this hotel until their rate drops to $495 a night.It's highway robbery here - and I have stayed in the most prestigious hotels in the world:* Ritz Carlton's in Berlin, Tokyo, Beijing, New York to name a few* Plaza New York* Raffles Singapore* Dorchester  Lanesborough - London* Peninsular - Hong KongThis hotel does not even come close. They charge and charge and charge you for every morsel. Try asking for extra juice at breakfast - its 22 euros!!!!! about $30 for an extra 6 oz of juice????That is just the brginning - there is so much more to say about the high pricing - sterile attitude and pretensious management attitudes which do not make for a fine hotel. The room and the beds are beautiful but this hotel does NOT have a Parisien feel at all. It amazes me that it gets these reviews ( they must all be over 70 years old and don't travel much).If you want to be hunkered down in a bubble - where no one bothers you and you don't care about the true Parisien lifestyle - sure - stay here. Make sure you re-finance your home, sell your car and bring lots of cash for the many employees who are grateful for their $20 tips all day. After all - its not the staff's fault - but the management that is lacking here. No department talks to the other. The only answer you get is: I will call them and let them know If you are paying these rates - you should make sure management does their job- make sure you check your bill, make sure they do turn down ( they missed it one day) and make sure you stay in your room all day to enjoy the $60 an hour rates.I just don't get it - what makes this hotel any better than my $395 Ritz Carlton stay in Berlin??? Nothing.Spend your money. They will gladly take it ( all ) from you - with a yes we understand attitude. No other efforts are made to compensate you for all the mismanagement - and poor valueat this overrated property. I realy could care less about celebrities - I have a far better life than they do.What I require is service and value - I will gladly spend the $1500 an night - but don't give me $300 worth of service.For all the missed requests, mis mangement, overcharhing and other problems they should have comp'd me a night or more - not here - no such offer from a truly fine hotel.Have fun spending your hard earned money - I'll bet you wont be back. 