Worst hotel I've ever stayed in.

I travel for a living and this was the worst hotel experience I have ever had. I stayed in this hotel in November, 2005. The room was on climate control and it was very cold. On the first day,the shower pressure was so low that I couln't wash the conditioner out of my hair. The second day, I was unable to take a shower because the water was either very hot or cold. It would not reach a warm temperature. When I asked the clerk at the front desk, he said that the hotel was under construction and all of the pipes were messed up. Room service at breakfast was 1/2 hour late and the server showed up just as I was leaving to attend a meeting. I did not have time to eat. I tried to have a quick cup of coffee but it was stone cold. I had to argue with the staff to take the meal off my bill. Two personal items of mine were taken from my room and again, the staff argued. I spent two hours in the business center preparing business related emails. The center took my $50 and then notified me that the emails could not be delivered due to technical difficulties. When I approached the front desk for assistance, I was told that there was nothing they could do, and literally responded that it was not they're problem. Fifty dollars were added to my bill for items from the mini-bar which I did not order. It was explained that I was charged for items from the previous customer. When I questioned how they did this, the staff argued with me rudely and insulted me. A client of mine reserved the room and intended to pay for it. I became aware at check out that they had charged my credit card. The staff shugged their shoulders and stated that that was the way they did things. Since the arrangement was for the client to pay for expenses, the hotel staff made him come down to the hotel with his credit card and to add insult to injury, made him fill out a long document which delayed an appointment by 10 minutes. As someone who travels internationally, he commented on the rude and hostile behavior of the clerk. I left a note for the general manager and asked for his comments. I also left a telephone message for him but he never returned my call. Not only would I never stay in this hotel again, but I will never patronize another Sheraton establishment. 