Great on the Outside - Beware the Inside

Stayed here recently for 3 nights. Beautiful hotel on the outside. They have combined about 25 historic old buildings together to form a sprawling hotel with courtyards and gardens at the center. I am a Starwood Platinum member and checked in assuming I would be given my upgrade to the best available room (this wording according to policies by Starwood). I had reserved a Deluxe room. They said they were upgrading me to an Executive Room because of my status. The room didnt appear to be any different than the room i had booked. Because these are old historic buildings, they are typically small rooms. I understand that, but when Starwood says you will be upgraded to the best available room and the hotel is not full, and it has junior suites available that are much bigger, and you have been given a small interior room with no real view, you begin to wonder. I stayed one night because I was jet lagged. But i called the duty manager the next night and asked for a larger room. At first he fed me some story about small rooms. I insisted and was about to call Starwood in the US (that usually works, by the way) and he said he would give me the junior suite. The manager acted like he was doing me a favor. But the back of my platinum card actually spells out the policies. They tried to just give me an upgrade to the next class of room, not the best class. BEWARE - if you are entitled to it and you dont make progress with the local manager, call Starwood Preferred Guest in the US. Other things to note: PROS: 2 free stroopfwaffles each day; GREAT BEDS! (some of the most comfortable i have slept in); good assortment of toiletries; plenty of electrical outlets (pet peeve when they dont have enough); helpful concierge; fashionable and good restaurant; GREAT location for walking to everything; BEAUTIFUL views on that canal, said to be one of the best in the city.CONS (in addition to feedback shown above): expensive wi-fi service (19 euros for 24 hours); mold/mildew in the shower areas (in both rooms i saw); repeated requests for extra towels went ignored; not very helpful valet.Other things to know: the large revolving front door is locked after midnight at some point - you need to press the green lighted button on the bellstand which then rings the night manager inside to let you in; the cafe off the main lobby is expensive for coffee - plenty of local nice places on the 9 Streets which are literally on the next block down; concierge desk has plenty of umbrellas at their desk if you need to borrow one; lighting inside the rooms seemed a bit sparse if you like it bright; you cannot put anything in most of the room refrigerators because they are the automated mini bars where if you take anythign out it bills you -- the junior suite had a small regular refrigerator though; they have plenty of papers to choose from; some bathrooms seemed to have heated marble floors - nice on a cold morning. 