The St. Francis Hotel Haunted?...

My husband and I checked in at this hotel and were told that the hotel was sold out and the only rooms they had available were standard rooms with one full size bed. We were given a room on the 3rd floor in the old part of the hotel. The lobby was beautiful but as soon as we approached the elevator we felt very creepy. The door to the elevator was brass and huge but the elevator was small inside. We got out of the elevator and found ourselves in these creepy long hallways with red carpeting. There were staircases and we heard people walking up and down the staircase but didn't see anyone. The hallways were very long and narrow and the room numbers on the door were not in order. We proceeded to our room and were amazed to see that the adjacent doors were in a 45 degree angle. As soon as we opened the door we felt goosebumps. The room was very small with a small bed and a T.V that was not directly across from the bed. It was freezing cold in the room and the thermostat said it was 60 degrees. We were wearing jackets and were still freezing. We set the temperature to 80 degrees. But the room did not seem to warm up at all. We got up and looked out of the window and saw another window about 10 feet away. There was a walkway between the two windows which seemed very freaky and unsafe. I went to go brush my teeth and get ready for bed. When I got out of the bathroom I noticed the curtain of the window blowing. I moved the curtain and saw that the window was open. I freaked out and ran to my husband and grabbed his arm. He looked at the window and confirmed that the same window we looked out of that was shut ten minutes ago was now open. We grabbed our bags and ran out of the room in our pajamas. Also the chandelier made a shadow on the wall that didn't look anything like the chandilier. It looked like three images of people with there arms up like they were about to attack us. Also when we sat in this room for about half an hour we noticed that the curtain of the other window kept sliding open about an inch every few minutes. And, while we sat in the room for and debated whether or not to stay here we heard doors opening and closing next door but when we looked out of the peephole we didn't see anything. However we heard woices of two men arguing. This was a very scary experience. I have read a lot of good reviews about the hotels new tower, which maybe true but I really feel that there is something freaky about the old tower and that we were not alone in this room. Whoever was in it with us wanted us to leave.... 