Are You Kidding? #1 in Seattle??

Ok kind readers, its time for a reality check. Location: This hotel is located in the Northern part of Seattle near the U of W. If you have business with the school, or you are visiting your kid in college, this would be a good place to stay. But, if you are a tourist or businessperson, I don't think this hotel is for you. I arrived in the evening and I must tell you that my first impression of the neighborhood was that it was kind of scary. The hotel has lots of security and management wants you to know that this place is locked down tight after dark. There are signs throughout the underground parking lot warning you not to leave anything in your car and that the hotel is not responsible for any losses you incur. Oh well, so much for warm, fuzzy-feeling first impressions.Because this property is near the university, the restaurants around the hotel cater to student budgets, so you have lots of nondescript ethnic eateries from which to choose-Thai, Indian, Mexican, Chinese, Pizza, Subway. Typical other businesses you'll find in the area are barrooms, piercing shops, bodegas, record stores, recycled clothing stores, smoke shops, second-run movie theaters, and hair stylists. Now you get the picture?Rooms: Think dorm room decorated by Ikea. Even though they cleverly added a big mirror to give the illusion of space, I found the rooms to be small and Spartan, but very clean. While the beds are indeed very comfortable, there is no blanket between the sheets and bedspread, so you must use the bedspread to stay warm. Since we all know that hotel bedspreads rarely get washed, I found this to be pretty gross. I'm not particularly impressed by hotel toiletries because I bring my own stuff when I travel, but you might be charmed by little bottles of Aveda shampoos. There is some kind of gimmicky ala cart menu (not food related) that I have never seen before in a hotel. I really could not be bothered with it, so I cannot offer an opinion, or even tell you what it is.This property offers free breakfast and free internet, both plusses, but overall, there is coldness to this hotel. It has a very pronounced industrial and institutional feel to it. What makes matters worse it that it is not affiliated with any chain, so you don't even get travel points.Call me old-fashioned, but whenever I come to Seattle on business, which is quite often, I usually stay downtown. This time, I've learned my lesson, I won't stray again. 