This hotel couldn't be more convienient

After reading the reviews of this hotel prior to arrival I had become a little worried about what I had booked. However, the expectation of some crumbling ruin were thankfully quashed when my wife and I walked into the hotel and then the room.The lobby was a really nice space to relax and the staff were very helpful, to us at least. Our room was located in the much maligned Garden Wing. The view out of the window of a wall isn't what most people would expect, but that didn't bother us at all, in fact we liked the privacy. The room we had was very spacious, warm and quiet, even though our room was right behind the elevator, and conveniently next to an ice machine. The bathroom was always kept clean and tidy by the room staff. The hot water supply was something else - scalding hot. Put it this way, there was no need to boil a kettle for a cup of coffee. Actually, no kettle had been supplied so the supply from the tap was our only hope of a morning coffee without spending a small fortune in the restaurant downstairs, or by going out to one of the many restaurants in the surrounding area. Additionally, the pressure of the water coming from the shower and the sink taps was enough to strip skin - great for washing out coffee cups ! I could not fault the shower experience.The television has BBC1 and 2, BBC News 24, MTV and VH1 along with some pay as you go movie channels and two adult channels. Some local Dutch channels were also thrown into the mix.A word of warning, however. The pay as you go channels would sometimes not be scrambled when I switched to them - a couple of the film channels were hardly ever scrambled. Whether this was a ploy by the hotel to secretly charge after a certain period of time of viewing, or whether it was a software glitch was one thing I didn't want to chance. They were asking 11.50 euros for a film channel and 13.50 for an adult channel per day.The hotel charges for their breakfast automatically - 20 euros per person per night. They took the charges off of my bill when I made it apparent that neither my wife or I had actually had any breakfast. I checked my bill every night via the television.I'd say that this is one of the better hotels we've stayed in, and we've been in quite a few. The location was also great in that it is spitting distance from Centraal Station. Most trams and canal boats also converge at this point. These alone will take you to every corner of Amsterdam, and I have to say that Amsterdam's public transport system is second to none. It was clean, friendly and always on time, even on Christmas day.Mike and Lynn (Room 360). 