Very good service and location

Enjoyed it very much. It is now the Amora but being my first visit I cannot compare to past owners, Rydges. It lived up to expectations and being a business traveler, it was quite perfect in location as I choose to take the train often to see customers. As the station is virtually under this building how could I complain. Stayed total of 5 nights under 2 separate stays as I went to Adelaide. I left my large suitcase here and took train to airport with small bag. Morning train rides take me to the food court/cafes that encircle this building and are found in the station tunnel. This means I have not eaten breakfast in the hotel although it is pricey by ckg the room service menu. So I saved a lot by getting a 'brekkie' in the food court. Location: seems just perfectly situated between Circ Quay, Darling Harbour and Rocks; just excellent. 8th floor room 818, has partial park view of area leading to Harbor bridge, otherwise I got the building across the way. Ask for view of Wynyard park, very pleasant. Concierge: I used them a lot for directions and they are quite friendly and young so it gives a nice youthful feel to the place. Stylish: yes, enjoyed the room decor and art decoish, BW tiled bath. Lobby is spacious enough without being overwhelmed; waiting area by windows and sidewalk with newspapers, comfy chairs, in sunken floor. Nice touch. Apples also avail in bowl by reception. Room: on the small side but I got a single on the short side of the building; floor map shows most other rooms are larger/longer than mine. Not a big deal. Internet is costly= $25 /day or $50 per week. Bed is most important and a good shower and they scored very well. Amenities are good quality.Summary: for me it was very good and good value as I got travel industry rate. I liked it a lot although I am not raving since I have come from 2 weeks around Asia where service is in the blood and 4-5 star hotels are truly exceptional. Would def stay again but I usually like to try different things; it is just me. I went to The Four Seasons and paid double of this one last Feb. and it is not twice as good. 