Excellent Hotel, Down to Earth Staff

The Grand Hyatt Seattle is a rare first class hotel that doesn't act like it.What I mean is that the hotel itself is first class; beautifully appointed in an excellent location. But unlike most properties of this level, the Grand Hyatt has a truly down to earth, friendly staff that puts guests of all stripes at ease.The hotel is located in a major commerical district, on the same block as a Cheesecake Factory and within a few blocks of major department stores and restaurants. Pike's Place is about a 10 minute walk and visible at the end of the street. You could not pick a more perfect location for Seattle.The hotel lobby is fairly intimate, but done in a very chic style. Its a hushed sort of atmosphere, with a Ruth's Chris Steakhouse on the left and a full-service Starbucks (not just a kiosk) to the right. Per my request, my room was a corner suite overlooking the harbor and the Space Needle. The view was absolutely stunning on both ends. The room itself was roomy enough, split into two parts--a sitting area and a bedroom area. The bathroom was very large, with a separate glass shower. The set up was good because it allowed you to keep the bedroom area uncluttered. The shades do indeed close electronically. The bed itself was comfortable, on the plush side. The hotel was quiet, save for some street noise even on a high floor. It was not disruptive. Interior insulation appeared to be good--we never heard our neighbors.If I have a complaint about the room decor, its only that a few pieces of furniture looked a little worn--out of place in that setting. Also, I was a bit surprised that the televisions were the old fashioned kind rather than flat screen. That's hardly a complaint, just an observation that similiar properities have upgraded. Overall, the room was stylish and inviting.I am not a fan of valet parking, and I typically feel a bit out of place dealing with hotel staff at better hotels. The Grand Hyatt was an atypical experience for me. Everyone right down to the valet staff went out of their way to be friendly and helpful. This is the kind of place that within a day or staying there, every staff member you encounter greets you by name. The valet car service was prompt and efficient, and nobody was trolling for tips (though in this case I didn't mind giving them, they were earned). The advice was good and unpretentious.Be advised that this hotel sometimes is the home for major sports teams. During my stay, the Boston Red Sox were there, which was a major attraction for me and my wife. That meant there were some autograph seekers and the like outside the hotel, but the hotel had security to make sure that only registered guests were inside the lobby and interacting with the players. Overall, the Grand Hyatt Seattle is an excellent hotel that I highly recommend. I would have a hard time returning to Seattle and NOT staying there, simply because the standard has been set so high that I'm certain there's nowhere else that can match it. I should add that the rate I paid was extremely reasonable given the quality of the hotel. 