Hammering and an un-continental breakfast

We had decided to treat ourselves to a nice hotel with a good central location so chose Swissotel for those reasons. The location did not disappoint, and first impressions were good, as we arrived not-too-fresh from a long haul flight, hoping to check in early. Reception were able to accommodate us and we were grateful to be able to crash out for a few hours in the morning. However, not long after we'd settled in the room, a dreadful banging began upstairs and did not relent for several hours, rendering sleep impossible. We did not feel we could complain then, since we shouldn't really have checked in until the afternoon, but when the banging started at 8am the following morning, we rang reception. We were told that new carpets were being fitted in the hotel rooms and that each one should only take ten minutes to lay, so the banging should stop soon. After an hour, there was no sign of it stopping, so we rang reception back and were moved to another room. No sooner had we settled / unpacked and crawled back into bed (still jetlagged) than the banging started again. We rang reception again, this time all knowledge of the carpet laying was denied, and we were told that it was construction work at a nearby site, which was out of Swissotel's control! The hammering was, infact, much louder in the 2nd room, and sleep was out of the question. After much to-ing and fro-ing on the reception phones being passed from 'maintenance' to 'front desk' and eventually to a manager, we were offered a 3rd room, where the banging was much quieter and we could sleep. I realise that maintenance works are a necessary evil and inevitably some disruption will be caused, but each time we spoke to a member of staff, they had a different story and different knowledge of what was going on and we were made to feel as if we were being difficult guests. I would have thought some kind of room strategy would have been developed to minimise disruption to guests. Poor service continued when we tried to order some late night snacks from the 24 hour breakfast menu displayed in the room service menu. Apparently it's not 24 hour, despite saying so. When we did finally get an order from the menu, I wished we hadn't bothered. The continental breakfast (listed as toast, with muffins, croissants, danish and bread rolls) came comprising only 2 slices of bread and hardly enough butter to cover them. When we rang to ask where the rest was, we were told you had to specify wanting the other stuff! They then sent up a croissant wrapped in a napkin - not worth the high price we were charged for it.Ok, so they may be little things, but they're frustrating, and not the sort of thing you imagine to happen in this kind of quality hotel. 