Steve

Please read this before before booking your break away in this hotel. All together we were a group of 8 on a 3 night stay in Berlin as part of a package starting from Thursday through to Sunday. We decided to book an extra night online and arrive on a Wednesday.When we arrived at the hotel, the reception staff appeared to be very unhelpful, I would say to state they were not friendly would be an understatement. So we proceeded to check in, or at least attempted to. The receptionist then informed us that dispite booking on Expedia with this hotel, they were not expecting us until the following day, where 3 nights were booked. Instead they told us that we were in their sister hotel for 1 night. We were told to go, the only instruction given was to turn right outside door and straight down.After about ten minutes of lugging our luggage around we found an old building which later we found was the sister hotel. Walking in the hotel was dirty and dated. Our hotel room was really not an improvement. Very basic facilities with dated furniture. We had a small fridge with a mini bar, which had a selection of 6 drinks. The hotel was situated in a seedy part of town.The bathroom was small. The shower sprayed more water over the curtian then into the bath itself, each time after taking a shower the bathroom floor was soaked. We decided to go back and urgue our case. We booked the Berlin Mark Hotel and not the Appt Berlin Mark Hotel. When we went the back the unhelpful receptionist's told us that in fact we were expected there and not the sister hotel, we should never have been sent away. Although it was there error, they actually still refused to move us, they told us it was too late to be moved as we had already checked in. We asked to speak to a Manager for help, they told us to take a seat. After about 15 minutes we re-approached the receptionist as nobody came out to see us, and were told that there was nothing they could do, despite it being their error. We gave up and returned the following day for the remainder of our stay. The hotel was not much of an improvement. Room was very basic with the same features of the old Appt Berlin Hotel.Breakfast was always busy. Tables were hardly ever cleared from the previous people and by the time a fresh pot of coffee arrived, or your milk did - it was time to leave. The service was dreadful.Throughout our stay we would often liase with recpeption staff, but again they were always unhelpful. They appeared not to want to help you, and was always a real effort engaging with them. Not once did they smile.A memeber of our group was sent to another hotel to iron her eveining clothes - when she returned stating that she could not find hotel they directed her the hotel opposite. They could have done this at the begining instead of sending her on a hike of the backstreets of Berlin.So, if you are not looking for service, unfriendly staff, basic facilities then I recommend you book this place! Please do not be fooled by the pictures on the internet - If you book this hotel, please expect an 'Allocation on Arrival' service as you will have no idea where you will be placed. 