Old, tatty, poor customer service - avoid!

Upon arrival at Central Station the hotel, looked quite promising - it occupies a corner position in a large old building. On the positive side: close to the station and, although there is work going on outside, this isn't noticeable inside. The reception area, brasserie, bar and breakfast rooms are all nice. Unfortunately, this is where all of the positives end! On the negative side: the first room we were allocated was filthy - the room smelt old and damp. The carpet looked dated and dirty. The bath enamel had come off in several places. The woodwork was scratched and looked as though an animal had been chewing on it. The second room we were allocated: (supposedly refurbished in 2006) was in slightly better condition than the first - the bath enamel was in tact. The carpet was still old and dirty looking, the woodwork worn and tired. There was dirt on the walls of the bathroom and bedroom. The duvet covers had been thrown over the duvets and not fastened. The fan in the bathroom didn't work and the hairdryer on the wall looked like something out of the 60's - it made an almighty noise and didn't even dry my hair. The tea and coffee facilities had not been replenished and it took two telephone calls, a visit to reception and 4 hours to get 2 tea bags from housekeeping. Good job I wasn't thirsty! There were several curtains on the window, which seemed to stop the cleaners being able to get to them: when I pulled back the net, the window and windowsill were grey and covered in dust/dirt. We stayed on the Relax package (dinner bed and breakfast) which I would not recommend. These packages are much better at the Hilton or Marriott. When we went for dinner in the brasserie, we were told we had to have Shrimp and Avocado salad followed by Rib Eye Steak and chocolate dessert. I explained that neither of us ate shrimp or steak and was told that we would have to see the menu then! On looking at the menu the 3 course menu was on offer anyway, so I don't know why we HAD to have what we were told when seated! Food was ok but vegetarian options on the menu were limited the veg starter was a sweetpepper risotto and the veg main cousre was green bean risotto. The service was poor throughout the hotel and if you have booked, I would strongly recommend that you check your bill carefully when checking out and don't choose the express checkout option. Checking out took a long time but I am glad we waited as they had tried to charge for breakfast twice despite it being included in the package. This was eventually taken off but, whilst we were there, we also heard 3 other guests complaining that their bills were also higher than they should have been, and some guests had been charged for services that they did not have. I would never return to this hotel or recommend it to anyone - not even my worst enemy. Reception seems like a 4 star but the rest of the hotel is 2 star standards at best. Very disappointed 
