You could do better, you could do worse...

I feel a bit guilty about the review I have to give as the stay was a freebie after entering a competition on the UK Conde Nast Traveller website last December. The reception desk was great and very helpful and we were allowed to check into our room very early. This was a bonus as we did want a nap before going out. We were upgraded to a King deluxe suite which consisted on two bathrooms (only one with a bath), living room and a separate bedroom. The décor of the suite and hotel is nice.Besides reception, service was virtually none existent. We called three times to have the plasma TV in our bedroom repaired as there was no reception. When the technician did show up he said very little except the TV was broken which we already knew. He offered us nothing and then my husband asked if the regular TV set in the living room could be moved to the bedroom. He swapped the TVs and we suspect whoever stays in the room next (room 424) will have to make a few calls if they wish to watch TV in the lounge area.The hallway leading to our room was constantly littered and quite a few stains on the carpets. When we arrived there were dirty drinking glasses in front of our door and when we left (two days later) the same glass was there. Kid you not. It wasn't like they were concealed.Room service was appalling and way overpriced even by Paris standards. We ordered a cheese plate that came with two small pieces of cheese (mold and all) and a small bistro salad, a croque monsieur that was cold and bottle of Evian for 50 euros. Had the food been good food, no problem, but it wasn't so we can't give room service a good review.We also had access to the Executive Lounge. The food offerings were slim. It was okay for a drink before going out, but the EL was not worth the upgrade price. Again the service was non-existent and the lounge is pretty much self service.We have stayed in many hotels in Paris and this is not one we would rush back to. There are too many choices in Paris at the same rate level to choose from. 