Don't Give This Hotel a Second Look

Hotel is not what you expect for a 4 star hotel. If you stay in other 4 star hotels in the UK, America, or other places in Europe, I would expect certain items as Tea/Coffee in your room. The only freebie you got was internet access and a safeWe arrived as a party of 8 on Monday 17th September, and left on Saturday 22nd September. On arrival hotel looked OK but the area is very run down, dirty and very noisy. Yes I agree with others that it's location is great for Las Rambla and the Metro, but I guarantee there are better hotels in a more suitable area than this oneThe room I stayed in was fine, can't complain too much about it, but 2 of our 3 other rooms had hardly any/no view (except a brick wall), again not great considering the amount of money you spend for a 4 star hotel roomOn Tuesday night, the toilet continually dripped water into the toilet bowl, told reception the next morning and they said it would be dealt with. Great I thought. Was out until early evening, came back to room and the room was left open. Totally amazed, so much for security. Luckily nothing was taken, informed reception and they were very apologetic. We got a bottle of Champagne on the house, but only because I asked for something from the hotelThe worst was yet to come though. In our party we had 2 special birthdays, 40 and 16. We decided to stay in the hotel for a celebratory evening meal on the Friday -the night before we left. What a mistake!!! The service was dire, food average, the chips were cold. When the champagne was delivered, it was not put into an ice bucket, and not even poured by the waitress/waiters. This I hope does not sound snobby in any form, as you get this sort of service in standard restaurants. I asked for the air conditioning to be switched on and the smell from it was vile. It smelt like urine, and these fumes were blowing onto the salad buffet bar. My clothes, by the end of the night, smelt very badly, imagine what the food was likeAs it was 2 birthday celebrations, we got the hotel to bring out a cake with some candles. They did so, we then asked for a knife to cut the cake. A butcher's carving knife was brought out, and only when I was about to cut the cake, it was noticed, by one of our party, that the knife had blood all over it. It was absolutely disgusting, I could not believe my eyes. Reception was immediately informed, and again were very apologetic, kept the knife for evidence to inform the hotel manager the next morning. We were given some extra champagne as a sorry, along with a large apple pie. After seeing what their utensils look like, did they think we would eat it?To make matters worse, when I returned to my room, I met 2 other guests who had eaten out and had had a great meal. I told them about the night's events, and they were told by the man on reception not to eat at the hotel and to definitely eat out - says it all doesn't it?So the following morning, I expected to see the hotel manager, but he was not due in, even though I was told he was going to be. Instead we saw the duty manager, who again was very apologetic. We did not pay for the meal, our drinks or any of the champagne. I asked the hotel to write to me via e-mail but nothing is yet to arrive. I will be sending this report direct to the hotel as I thought I at least deserved a response from the hotel, but then again, do they care?Would I go back?? Most definitely not. Would I recommend it, again most definitely not. If you want to eat food that is been cut with cross contaminated utensils, then go to this hotel. But if their own staff state not to eat their food, then trust me - Don'tDon't get me wrong, the room was very clean, most of the staff were helpful, especially Veronica, but certain members were very snooty and were quite unhelpfulSo, not a great review for the hotel, I agree, but I believe in honesty. Be very aware and careful where you go 