Surely, not the #1 in Seattle

Had reservations at Westin but changed after reading reviews  seeing the pictures of the bath area. Should have kept my reservations at the Westin or probably should have booked at the Marriott.We took the shuttle which we learned about via of the Hyatt website. We were put out at the 6th Street entrance. There was no one there at that entrance to help with baggage. We had 4 suitcases  first had to lug up stairs to the lobby. Once in the lobby, which was not impressive, we were not greeted by anyone. We lugged our bags to a cart that was at the check in deck. No problem with the check in. When the lady asked if we needed help with our luggage, we said that we had lugged it this far  had put it on the cart  thus we could get it to the room. She replied by saying that we could not use the cart  that the bell boy would have to push it.We were up high  had a good view of the Sound  the Lake but the ATT building was in the way. When I looked in our bathroom, I noticed that it did not have a separte shower. I called the front desk to ask what happened. I told her that my main reason for changing was due to the bath area reviews. At first she did not know what I was talking about  then she said that they did have a couple of rooms that did not have a separate shower. I asked for another room  she said that they were booked up unless I wanted to upgrade. I told her no  that we would just keep the room. We proceeded to unpack.Shortly later, some lady knocked at the door  inquired as to our check in. I told her what had happened  she said that she would see what she could do. Just before we left our room, she called back to see if we wanted to move  we said no because we had already unpacked. Probably should have based on future problems.Went downstairs to the concierge, Eric. He was on the phone, not business purpose. He apparently did not appreciate us bothering him  thus he was very short with us  was no help. In fact, one of the waiters in the bar was more helpful.The bath area was very, very disappointing. The first night, we could not get but luke warm water. Only one time during our stay, did we even have to turn the cold water on. The tub was nice  big but it had some space at the back  front. This was a problem for the shower. The shower curtain did not cover the whole tub  thus water would run out on the floor. The only way for the shower not to make a mess was to take it off the holder  hold it close to the tub. Have you ever had to take a shower that the water went from would go back  forth from kind of hot to luke warm  the pressure would go back  forth? If not, stay at the Hyatt.If this is the #1 rated hotel in Seattle, then I hate to see the others. Maybe, trip advisor needs to revisit as to how they rate the hotels. We left Seattle  went to Vancouver for a couple of nights  then drove back to Seattle to fly back home. The night before we left, we stayed at the Marriotti at the airport  it was great. If it were downtown, it would put the Hyatt to shame.The best thing about the location was it was on the same block that I had a rental car. 