Es tut mir leid...

Very upset with this hotel. We had booked as part of a group for three nights from Thursday and then booked an extra night for the Wednesday night via Expedia. Although this was advertised and showed photogaphs of the Berlin Mark on Meineke Strasse we found this not to be the case AFTER we had arrived at the hotel and the receptionist simply looked up the reservation in her system, pointed to the crossroads and informed us that the hotel we were staying in was around the corner and four minutes away. No map, no directions and no further offer of assistance.We went to visit the hotel to find that it was a converted apartment block in a rather seedy part of a very busy road. No Bar, a makeshift breakfast room. No restaurant and a basic bedroom which was large but a rather dirty and poorly decorated bathroom. We retrurned to the Berlin Mark Hotel on Meineke Strasse to plead our case that we we were under the impression that we had booked that hotel and wanted to be there for the four nights and not have to change the following day as our friends were due to arrive the next day. Suddenly, the receptionist found a reservation for us which means that they had expected us all along and was about to check us into that hotel when she realised that her colleague had sent us off to another property. In fact BOTH receptionists on Thursday afternoon were very surly and discourteous and even after me asking if I could speak with somebody else and being TOLD to take a seat in the bar as it would take a while before someone could see us, we were left waiting until I had to go back to the empty desk to see if somebody could talk to us. All I could be told was that as I had booked through Expedia, there was nothing they could do. I tried politely to explain that after 25 years int he hotel industry I knew that they could, in fact, transfer a booking within the hotel if they really wanted to - again, to no avail. If you do not expect any kind of service whatsoever then go ahead and book these hotels but be sure what you are getting as they also have a third old building across the street which is a little more convenient than having to drag luggage three long blocks but as it has lots of stairs and no lift it is also below standard.We finally accepted our fate and reconciled to spend the night in the cell block. the only saviour was the ARTOTEL across the street which had a nice bar and pleasant staff so they got our business. The shower in the bathroom simply sprayed water everywhere in the APART HOTEL (read falling APART Hotel) causing the bathroom floor to flood and cause a very dangerous health  safety hazardBreakfast in the Mark Hotel in Meineke Strasse was absolutely chaotic with surly, rude staff who snapped at you if you asked them to bring tea or coffee pots or more orange juice or bread fort oast.A member of our group was sent by reception to two local dry cleaners shops to get an outfit for that evening ironed before sending her to their hotel accross the street where they had a laundry facility all the time thus wasting an hour and making her late for her evening function.So, some of the poorest service I have ever experienced, misleading advertising, surly/miserable/rude staff and awful public areas. Thank goodness there are plenty of alternative hotels for future visits and for us to recommend to others. 