Woke up to someone having nicked my bag from my room

Was meeting some friends from Norway in Paris the first weekend of February. However, they got stuck at the airport due to bad weather, so I had to spend the first night at the hotel alone. As I was alone, I made sure to lock the door and hang the do not disturb-sign on the door before going to bed, as I wanted a good nights sleep.The next morning however, I couldn't find one of my handbags. And the door was slightly open. Ran downstairs to the reception, but they hardly listened to me, refusing to believe that someone could have entered the room while I was sleeping.And first then was I made aware of there being a safe in the room and given a key to it - a bit late isn't it, when your passport, ticket back to London, Ipod and camera is missing?!So we had to spend half a day at the police office reporting the whole thing - our trip obviously didn't start off so well.However, it doesn't stop here. The next morning, me and my friends was going downstairs when one of the girls, half laughing, said that isn't your bag though, is it? pointing at one of the maids carrying a hand bag. Well, it bloody was!!! So I told her I wanted my bag (!), she carried it downstairs to the reception - and apparently it was found where the cleaners keep bed linen and towels. Thank god, my passport and train ticket was still in the bag, but my Ipod and camera wasn't of course.The next day I spoke to the hotel manager when checking out. He did apologize for what had happened (although refused to believe that someone employed at the hotel could have done it - who else could have opened a locked door though - and known I was alone in the room?), and told me that I would get my losses refunded through the hotel's insurance. I sent them the receipts as soon as I got home, but I still haven't heard from them, even after sending follow up e-mails.By all means, the hotel was cute - but it doesn't help much when you get robbed in your room while sleeping. 