W: Chic, and a bit snotty.

I stayed at the W over a weekend before having to move to a hotel close to the airport for the training I was attending. I had never been to Seattle, and decided to come a bit early to see the sights. I left my husband at home, and this was my first solo trip in quite some time. I chose the W for the location and the price, and the reputation of W hotels in general--I had never stayed at one before.Let's start with the positives. The room was excellent--great decor, comfy bed, nice flat screen TV, great quality toiletries (although i question the scent combo of lemon and sage... too cleaning-product-y for me). The darkness and loudness in the common areas took some getting used to, but it certainly makes for a cool, chic vibe in the hotel. Very different from the average Marriott or Sheraton I typically stay in. I also enjoyed the free Wi-Fi in the lobby one evening with a great apple martini. Oh, and the location was excellent. Very quick and FLAT walks to the main attractions.And now, the negatives. As a married woman traveling alone, it took me a little while to be at ease with being on my own, especially dining solo and such. I went to the concierge desk on the first evening, having just arrived in Seattle an hour or so ago, and was hoping for a little encouragement and some great recommendations from them. Uh, no. Granted, partially my fault for wanting to be babied, but this desire came from previous experiences with concierges in other cities--usually they're excited to tell you where to go, what to do, and to introduce you to their city. Not so much with this guy. He acted totally put off and aloof and I felt like I wasn't cool enough or something. The next day, I tried again with a different concierge. He was more helpful, but definitely not at the level I'm used to. I was inquiring about the ferry to Bainbridge Island, and he told me all about it but didn't bother to provide a schedule. When I asked specifically where I could get a schedule, he said, Oh, I have one right here. Um, wouldn't it seem the natural thing to do to hand that to me when you're telling me how to get there and how often it leaves?? While the concierge service is really my only complaint about the W Seattle, it was poor enough for me to knock the rating down to a 3 because, to me, if you're going to present yourself as a luxury hotel, you need luxury service to earn an above average rating. And I didn't get that here. 