What a gem!

Your search for a hotel stops here! Do not hesitate in making a reservation at this place... we cannot fault it at all. My boyfriend and I stayed here for 4 nights at the beginning of the month. We were only on the 3rd floor and overlooked the street and the traffic didn't bother us at all so I can't understand how people on the 8th floor were troubled by 'noise'. Ok, so it was a busy street but I didn't think it was that bad... some morning's we even slept through until 11 having tired ourselves out the previous day exploring what Barcelona has to offer. Admitedly there always seemed to be police/ambulance sirens going off but working in the centre of London from Monday to Friday, it's something you become immune to and so it didn't affect us. The hotel itself was amazing - our first impression was that we'd walked into the wrong place as it seemed so grand for our 'budget city break'. The rooms are very spacious with great air conditioning and facilities. We tried breakfast at the hotel one morning but as someone else has mentioned EUR13 was relatively steep for what you got. In a cafe just a few doors along to the left you could have an 'american' comprising of 2 fried eggs, sausage, 2 bacon, toast, tea or coffee and freshly squeezed orange juice for EUR8... that kept our stomach's full well into the day. Regardless of where you go exploring, there's plenty of mini supermarkets and bakeries so if ever we felt peckish at lunchtime we simply popped into those for a freshly baked french stick and cheese. Right outside the hotel doors is the entrance for Paral.lel station which offers great links to almost anywhere. Their train maps are very clear so you'll never get lost. Go one stop to Drassanes and you'll find yourself down by the port and Mare Magnum shopping centre, where there's plenty of restaurants on offer. If you are a fish lover, one of our faves was Emperadors where a three course dinner with wine, water and coffee for two cost us 拢45. Another, situated actually within the shopping centre, was Mandongo, an oriental-come-spanish mix where, again, the food and staff were delightful. We didn't even bother with cabs to and from the airport. A 5/10 minute walk from the terminal along a signposted route brings you to the train station where a journey of 20 mins costing EUR2.5 takes you to Sants station, which in turn is only a few stops on the underground to Paral.lel. Their underground is also airconditioned (unlike London) so travelling around on that is great, especially if you want to escape from the daytime heat. We didn't bother with tour buses or anything as our 5day Barcelona Card for EUR30 got us literally everywhere. We purchased our card once we reached Sants station. It entitles you to discounts and free entry to many attractions so it's a great money saver. We hopped on and off (normal) buses and trains to our hearts content and explored so much.All in all, we'd say Barcelona is a top place for a city break. Plenty to see and do and for a reasonable price if you plan wisely. There's plenty of websites with constantly changing deals on hotels (we booked through hotels.com) plus flights with Easyjet lower your overall cost too (we got return flights for 拢90 each).Don't hesitate in booking this hotel.... it's well worth the money! 