acid trip-advisor.......

we booked this hotel for a weekend stay, based on reviews from tripadvisor. Are you guys for real!!!?? this place is at best mediocre, at worst awful.1) booked a car through them to collect us from airport, it wasn't there because the driver didn't know what flight we were on'!! (despite us confirming by email many days in advance) but of course, NO apology from him or the hotel, at $85?2) after speaking to them at our expense on an overseas cellphone, about where the driver was, get there 40 mins later and they have no room ready for us, at 7pm! told to wait 'over there' for 20 mins whilst they find a room for us (what the?) no complimentary drink, no apology, again. by this time we are really not liking these stupid people.3) get to the room, it smells damp.hmmm, the carpet is wet. quite wet, obviously just been steaming it. so its clean, yes, but wet. great.3a)after discussing with the bellhop that he should look after our bags whilst we wait for our room, we get to the room and he brings us someone else's bags. back to bellhop school for him.4)next morning, go down to the buffet, expecting a complimentary breakfast of some kind, and are told that at $440 a night, it is not included....we say to the guy 'are you serious????' yes we are' he says. not, 'i'm sorry you were expecting something that you haven't got, let me rectify it by giving you a voucher so you can have a coffee and some toast so you feel somewhat better about this crap hotel'5)book a taxi through them 4 hours in advance to be taken to a wedding, go down at designated time, no cab booked, doorman has to hail one off the street.6)and on the room, there is a tiny magnifying mirror in the bathroom, that's it, huge bathroom, no mirror. $440 a night. great.7) the hotel decor is mostly dull and uninspiring, it feels like a business meeting place at the airport. the pool is only 1m deep - what's up with that? for dwarfs? great.8)the restaurant 'bistro-fax', food expensive and nasty, limited, yuk. no restaurants around the hotel, as in CBD, crap location..the positives are: comfy bed, nice pillows, quiet room,nice bathroom, good gym, clean, well serviced, prompt room-service. that's it. stay here if you have no taste for food or decor, like shabby service, and don't mind waiting....a lot... 