Disappointing for Four Seasons

We stayed in the Four Seasons Sydney over New Year. The hotel is desperately in need of a refurb; at the moment it might be a great place to host an Austin Powers party, but without any such fancy dress on hand to create the right vibe, it just looks passé. We stayed in a junior suite with a full harbour view, which was an amazing place for viewing the fireworks and very spacious, so we were able to have a few friends round to share the experience. But the decor was tired and dated, as was the bathroom. Yes, it's a city hotel, so no doubt many visitors are there on business and you don't expect it to be the same as one of the resort hotels. Nevertheless, there are also many tourists, many of whom, like us, have no doubt booked on the strength of other Four Seasons properties and their experiences there. This was, unfortunately, sadly lacking and not comparable in any way. Even the service was simply not up to scratch, there were so many mistakes made - a room service order took 1陆 hours to arrive, despite the fact they said it was on its way when we called to check after 50 minutes (clearly they were lying); when it arrived, the main courses were lukewarm (despite having been in a hot box - but by then we were so starving, we just ate it); the ice cream on the side of our dessert order was completely melted; we had the wrong pudding delivered with another room service order; and, our laundry and another room's was mixed up - and it took over a day to sort this out and get it back. When my boyfriend telephoned to complain at about 6pm one evening, we were informed that the hotel manager had already left for the night. We left a message with the person we spoke to for him to call us. When we left, four days later, the manager had still not returned our call. It started to make sense why the service is so bad - with a manager with that attitude, it's really not surprising and the rest of the staff don't stand a chance. As my boyfriend said, I've stayed in 15 other Four Seasons around the world and this one is definitely at the very bottom of that list. It might have great views, but we won't be going back. Next time, we'll stay at the Hyatt. 