Awful area/noisy/bad food/dont believe the other reviews

This was an awful experience I will never repeat. I actually checked tripfinder before I went and all the reviews were positive, shame noone told the truth about some factors which were definetely not unique to my stay only. I feel dutybound to stop you frOm making this mistake. Firstly the area of this hotel is disgusting. It is accesible from the airport BUT it is a rundown/dirty/vandalized part of town. The hotel is completely out of place to its surroundings. My heart sank.My room faced the disgusting EXPO hotel, so my view consisted of them sunbathing on the rooftop (also awful) of the EXPO.I asked to be moved and they moved me to floor 6.they donwgraded my room without telling me. I later realised that my new room had no teamaking facilities or slippers etc. My room was so noisy at night as it now faced the main busy at all times road. it was impossible to sleep. the windows must have been paper thin. i was so upset that i asked to be moved again. This time my room was next door to the noisy laundry room and above a room with a balcony, so i heard the drunken yobs below (word for word) conversation until 5a.m.In between all of this I tried the restaurant. The view is ok, but the food is not good at all. the people writing the other reviews have obviosuly not tasted good quality food as this wasnt even average. Let me also tell you that the room service was slow.The pizza's tasted like rubber. Dont use the lounge downstairs, they dont serve you for hours. Clearly customer service is not a strong priority.bREAKFAST IS not included in price. DONT PAY FOR THIS. It is far too expensive and the range is completely minimal. jsut cant believe it was a cold breakfast.The management did move me to different rooms on 3 occasions, thats one move per night since i began my stay.its a shame they didnt value my custom enough to consider moving me to a slightly less noisy room. thats all i asked for.I ended up losing money on ,my flight coz i returned home early, i booked out on 3rd night and went back to uk.This was the worst 4 star ever. Dont book it. It is a complete waste. I relied on trip finder reviews. None of them mentuioned the awful area and bad service and food. I have stayed in many hotels worldwide and this was the worst. I hardly ever complain and they brought out the worst in me. In short - unless you book a very high room (floor 23) you hear the yraffic noise. The higher rooms costs more. For the price and area they should include breakfast at least. Nosiy/bad service/bad area/bad staff. 