Fab choice for Barcelona!

Booked Hotel 1898 based on previous TA reviews and was not disappointed! It's all been said before - what more can I add?! If you arrive at the airport, just take the airport bus from immediately outside the Terminal door (3.90 Euros per person) as it takes you right into Plaza Catalunya and it's just a short walk round to La Rambla and a couple of blocks down on the right you'll find the hotel.The Hotel is actually an old building (which used to house the Philipine Tobacco company) but was beautifully restored just 2 years ago. We paid 199 Euros per night for a classic room (supposedly their most basic but it was perfect). Our room faced onto an inner courtyard and was very peaceful. To re-iterate previous reviews, all the positive points of the Hotel: location, interior design, spacious public areas, lovely rooftop terrace, beautiful rooms and bathrooms, immaculately clean. Two (very tiny) negative points - (but in no way should it stop you from booking!): the hairdryer was a bit cumbersome and awkward to use, and, while the rooftop terrace is a huge asset in a city centre hotel, the number of loungers is a bit limited. However, after a day's walking  sightseeing, this is a lovely relaxed area with cushioned benches to flop with one of their marvellous glasses of sangria! The breakfast was 19 Euros each - a bit pricey but the quality was excellent (cereals, freshest of fruit, pastries, breads, smoked salmon, cheeses, meats, omelettes made to order etc.) We also used the Royal Hotel just up the road - good value at 9 Euros but not quite the same quality. There is also a Starbucks attached to the hotel if you just fancy a coffee and a muffin one morning. Further down La Rambla, La Boqueria food market is wonderful for a walk round - and you could just pick up fresh fruit, pastries etc there!4 restaurants tested and definitely able to recommend, none too far from Hotel 1898:1. Can Culleretes, C/Quintana 5 (oldest restaurant in Barcelona and cheap too).2. Taller de Tapas, C/Argenteria 51 ( very busy but good tapas).3. Els Quatre Gats, C/Montsio3 (full of character and live music too).4. Les Quince Nits, Plaza Reial (popular with the locals too).Things to do (some obvious!): open top bus tour (23 Euros for 2 days with Bus Turistic), walk down La Rambla watching all the street entertainment, take the lift to the top of the Columbus monument, visit some of Gaudi's buildings (Casa Batllo, La Pedrera, Sagrada Familia), visit the Museu D'Historia for a great insight into Roman Barcelona, visit Poble Espanyol to see the different Spanish styles of building and see the different crafts, tour round FC Barcelona stadium. I actually think Barcelona would be a great place to take children too - apart from the places already mentioned, there's the beach, zoo, aquarium etc!I will definitely go back, and will definitely book Hotel 1898 again! Enjoy! 