Loved It! --Orange County, CA, USA

We booked our vacation to Australia (Sydney  Melbourne) through Qantas Vacations. We chose this hotel in Sydney because we wanted to be close enough to the city center but also wanted to be right by the harbour. We stayed at the hotel for a week in July.Our flight from Los Angeles arrived early in the morning and we were at the hotel by 8am. They couldn't check us in right away because our room wasn't ready yet so they told us it will be ready at 10am. No problem, we just left our luggage there and we walked down the street and got breakfast at this little deli nearby with reasonable prices for breakfast and sandwiches rather than getting breakfast at the Corn Exchange restaurant at the hotel. After breakfast, we went back to the hotel and lounged around by one of the many sitting areas around the lobby of the hotel and then we checked in at 10am as promised.The room was a good size room and we had two double beds and a sofa bed. The room had plenty of space for 3 people to move around even with 6 luggage laying around the room. The room was nicely equipped with a mini bar, tv, coffee maker, safe, closet, iron, desk, etc. The bathroom was big and had all the amenities we needed (hair dryers, toilletries, international plugs, etc.). The room was clean and housekeeping always kept our room tidy and in order by the time we get back to our hotel later in the day.The view from our room was fantastic! We had a view of the harbor and the bridge, and right across the Maritime Museum. We later realized we can actually also see the sea lion house in the Sydney Acquarium from our hotel room. The room was quiet, we didn't hear noise from our neighbors.The people at the reception area were so friendly and accommodating. The people at the concierge were also very friendly, accommodating and were just so helpful in getting us the information we needed and also some discounts to places, tours, etc. that we weren't aware of.The hotel is so close to the Victoria shopping center, you can just walk up the hill and get there. We would just walk around the corner to get to the harbor and catch a ferry going to The Rocks and the Sydney Opera House. If you're in a group of 3 or 4 people, I suggest to take a cab to get to the Rocks area or even the Sydney Bridge area since taking the ferry (+ walk) to get to that area didn't really save much money, sometimes it actually cost more to pay for single tickets to take the ferry. Downtown is not far at all, even taking a cab isn't as heavy on the wallet either. But there is plenty of good public transport to get you around wherever you need to be (ferry, bus, tram). The tram is just up the hill from the hotel and you can catch that to get you to places as well.There's a little store in front of the hotel where you can get some goodies and snacks and bring them back to your hotel and use the mini fridge to store soda, water, etc. and should help save money from having to use the mini-bar stuff.All in all, we really loved our stay at this hotel and we'd go back and stay there again.My friends and I are quite picky with hotels so we were quite pleased with Four Points Sheraton's location, room, and the overall service of the hotel. Liked: Room, Staff, LocationDisliked: Food prices at the hotel restaurant can be steep (but so are most restaurants at any hotel for that matter)Tips: Eat breakfast at a deli nearby the hotel, cheaper! Also, take a trip to Manly Beach if you have time, quite picturesque and the view from the ride on the ferry on the way there is pretty. 