RUDE receptionist!!!

Sadly, I can only write a VERY scathing review of this hotel!My experiences with the Radisson Plaza in Sydney began a few days before I arrived. I called them to check which room I had been booked into and, after reading a review on this site, requested that the two single beds in the room NOT be pushed close together as I was sharing with an elderly Aunt and wanted a bit of space so we could sleep without breathing into each other's faces....I also explained that I would be arriving at 10am after travelling from interstate since 4am, and NEEDED to rest and change before I was due at a function at 3pm. The person on the phone said they would request an early book-in time and indicated that a room WOULD be ready for me when I arrived.I got there a bit after 10am on Thursday 4th December. The RUDEST staff member possible was at the reception counter!! My room had been booked and paid for by the organisation that had invited me to Sydney. The man at the counter confirmed my booking, and then requested a credit card from me. I told him I didn't have one. He then told me to pay him $100 &quot;in case I used the mini bar&quot; I told him that I didn't have $100 and re-explained that the room had been paid for by the organisation and if there were any problems maybe he should talk to THEM! I also asked for the mini bar to be taken from my room as I had no intention of using it.The man then said that I had to wait until 2pm for a room to be available for me. I told him I was very tired and needed a cup of tea and a rest before having a shower, getting changed and attending the function at 3pm. He said I could use the shower at their &quot;Health Cub&quot;. I asked if there was a bed there I could rest on for a few hours... The answer was &quot;No&quot;. He then turned away and ignored me....I then told him I NEEDED to rest (NO offer of a cup of tea was forthcoming...) and would do so by sleeping on a sofa in the foyer until a room was available. Within half an hour of me stretching out on one of the lounges, a LOVELY, kind and helpful young staff member, Ravi Singh, approached me and said a room was available and I that would be upgraded to a Premier Room. She took me to this room, which had two double beds in it (placed about 30cm apart).Returning to the room with my Aunt later that night after the function, and wanting to make ourselves another cup of tea, we realised that there was no milk left, as there had been only 3 or 4 single portions of milk provided. After trying to call room service about four times they finally answered the phone and promptly brought 4 more single portions.... Strangely, there were only enough products for ONE guest in the bathroom, so we had to share the shower cap and shampoo... and there was only one armchair to sit on...There WAS an extra sugar packet, I discovered it imbedded in thick dust under the TV... It's probably STILL there!The next morning we went to check out at 9.30am. The &quot;express check out&quot; counter was unattended and the same man was at reception. He ignored me when I asked him if I could check out until, worried that I would miss my flight back home if I didn't leave soon, I INSISTED on him taking my keys... He was SO RUDE that I approached another staff member in the foyer and asked him to identify the receptionist, whom he named as &quot;Obdhallah&quot; I told this other staff member that I was going to write a review of the hotel, he looked shocked, then asked me what I was going to say in it.... I was SO disappointed to have this hotel stay almost ruined by the unpleasant Abdhallah. If there were more staff members like Ravi Singh employed to assist guests, it would almost be worth its five star rating.... 