Fantastic views of the city and great loaction!!!!

I stayed in the Gran Torre Catalunya hotel for five days in August with my boyfriend and we chose this hotel on the basis of reading other reviews on tripadvisor.Good PointsWe had a fantastic time at the hotel, the room was clean, sleek and modern with a 'to die for' marble bathroom with a bath big enough for two and him and hers matching sinks!!! The bed was huge and comfy and the views from our 10th floor windows were brilliant!!We paid for our breakfast as part of our package and the choice was very impressive, fresh meats, cheese, pastries, yogurt, fruit juice and pancakes (served with a choice of sauces, my favourite was chocolate!!!) They also served the usual scambled eggs, bacon, baked beans, toast!The views from the hotel restuarant on the 23rd floor are fantastic and not to be missed, this is the major selling point of the hotel and many of the city's attractions such as Sagrada Familia, Montjuic and the Olympic Stadium can be viewed from here.The staff were friendly and helpful, even the maids would say good morning when we passed them in the hall. The hotel boasts a spa area but we were so busy we did not get the chance to use it! The other guest were really quite and there were no rowdy groups of people making a racket at night time.The hotel is a great base for exploring Barcelona, Monjuic is within walking distance and the metro is across the road and so easy to use it makes sense to see the sights using this method of transport.Bad pointsAir conditioning! It is a saviour in some respects but it is a nuisance at night time and made us feel really cold, you can control the temperature but you can't turn it off, it also made a bit of noise so if you're a light sleeper you may fine your sleep disturbed.Traffic! The hotel is in a busy area on a busy stretch of road so traffic noise is to be expected!!! Plus the windows are not double glazed so you may find it annoying at night time!Finally, some of the reviews stated they had robes and slippers in their hotel room, we did not have this so don't bank on it! Also some reviews have complained about having two single beds pushed together to make a double. My advice would be to request a double bed when you check in and also request a room higher than the tenth floor to great great views and reduced traffic noise - with that said I would definately stay at the Gran Torre again and will be recommending it to friends!!! 