Great place. Mediocre attitude.

We stayed at the hotel from the 25th to the 30th of May, 2006. Well, this was our (my wife, 2 yr old baby and me) intention. We made the reservation 3 months ahead of time and got very good and prompt answers on the email. The night before arriving we posted an email to remind the staff that we're coming the next day late night and we got an OK. However, when arriving at the hotel we were told that there are no rooms for tonight and we were offered a 2 stars hotel for one night. As you may imagine, when it comes after a 5 hrs flight + 1 hour RER + climbing up and down the stairs of the Saint Michel station with a 30Kg suitacase and a baby stroller, all at midnight, we were very disappointed from this. When asking why couldn't they ask someone else coming earlier without a baby to move for the night we got no answer. As we had no other alternatives we moved for the night to the 2 stars hotel. No one offered any help with our lagguage.When arriving next day to the hotel we found a very helpful receptionist and a very friendly kitchen staff. They helped us find our way, sterilize our baby's milk bottle etc. In the weekend the receptionist was changed and the new one's attitude was not as helpful as the first one. She soured her face for every question we had and did not bother to look on the web (she has a free one at the reception desk) for some very basic info we needed.Location of the hotel is good, although it's a bit challenging with a baby stroller (as using the metro is a nightmare). Using the buses to go to the Eiffel Tower was quite cumbersome. Going to the Arch de Triumph is just impossible. Fortunately, on Sunday there is the BalaBus (no one in the hotel knew about it) that has several stops in touristic places (including Arch de Triumph) that made it a direct drive from St Michel.Windows of room are indeed noise proof but be ready to use the AC as it turns the room to be over warmed.The room was not as clean as we expected it to be (linen was not 100% white) but in general the room was ok, even for the 3 of us (don't bring more than one suitcase, though).We expected a bit more from a hotel that is rated among the top 20 hotels in Paris, according to the recommendations in Trip Advisor. We were disappointed. 