Good Hotel, but Not Exceptional

Value We stayed for four days at this hotel last week (the week after Easter). I would say the hotel is perfectly adequate for a 4 star hotel, with reasonably-sized rooms and adequate service, but perhaps not quite the top notch status as some other reviews might suggest. Although we have no real complaints about the hotel (it justifies its 4-stars), we are not convinced of the premium it seems to command. (It would, for example, have been cheaper for us to stay at the Claris, the Sofia Gran or the Hilton Diagonal Del Mar - all 5 star hotels).What you're paying for, I guess, is its very central location at the heart of town, and close to attractions/amenities such as the ramblas, the gothic quarter and near to transport links.It also has a panoramic roof terrace, with good seating and an outdoor pool (which was surprisingly warm at this time of year), as well as a small (and stone cold) indoor pool and spa. However, there is only one restaurant, and one bar (based round the lobby) and one cafe (not counting the resident Starbucks). The restaurant is competitively priced (at least in hotel terms), but was surprisingly devoid of guest, as it is very easy to eat out (which we did on a couple of nights). The breakfast buffet has a diverse range, and is good value if included in your booking.Overall, this is a competent and well-located hotel, particularly if you can get a competitive rate (which was hard for us, even three months out). However, for the price of 230 euros/拢160, it's not quite in the same league as (for example) the Plaza in New York, Claridges in London, or the Shangri La's in Asia. (It's more akin to the Malmaison boutique chain in the UK - but perhaps costing slightly more, with fewer extra touches.)Having said this, though, our stay was pleasant and comfortable, and our only complaint (if that's the right word), is that they sting you 16 euros to advertise one of their flaky umbrellas when it rains. (Guests staying in the hotel opposite were treated to complimentary Meridien golf umbrellas.) As for Barcelona, if this is rated as one of the best hotels, then all the other 4 (and 5) star hotels in the city must be considerably wanting. We observed that, although we speak three different languages, it definitely helps to speak Spanish (and specifically the local Catalonian dialect), else you tend to be treated as a second-class citizen with all but the most service-conscious locals (who are few and far between, from our experience). Petty theft in the area also seems surprisingly common - we even met a well-travelled couple who got their handbag/purse stolen by thieves who threw pidgeon poo at them (and used it as a distraction for robbing them). 