Not as 'majestic' as it looks!

Have just returned from 3 nights at the Majestic in Barcelona. We had booked 3 nights for the price of 2 with Last Minute, but most people on this site seem to have got a much better deal!! On arrival, it had the feel of a five star place - lovely lobby, stunning flower arrangments and a guy to greet us and carry our cases in. These impressions were, in my opinion, about all that was 5 star about the place. We were not lucky enough to be offered an upgrade to a junior suite, even though I explained that the trip was for my husband's 50th - which it was, - consequently we had quite a small room! (I have stayed in larger rooms in a Premier Lodge in England, and that's saying something!)The bathroom required the skills of an expert contortionist when getting in and out of the bath - you literally had to climb over the toilet. You also needed elasticated arms to check the temperature of the water in the bath and shower, as the glass shower door is immoveable - because there is simply nowhere to move it to. It was a real squash. We also had to shift a table and two armchairs whenever we wanted to open the wardrobe! Not my idea of 5 star!. Having said all of this, the room was clean, nicely decorated and regularly serviced. The other thing that I found tricky was the traffic noise, but I suppose you should expect this in a big city. We were on the 8th floor (room 822, if you wish to avoid it!!!) and could still hear the roar of the traffic. (because I spend a lot of time in hotels when I work, I had earplugs, and even these din't block the noise out entirely.) We could also hear the conversations of the people in room 821 - word for word, actually, and I wouldn't have said that they were particularly raucous. You could even hear them tapping their tooth brushes against the basin - and we are not serial evesdroppers, you just couldn't miss it.I thought the location of the hotel was good - very near a metro station and plenty of buses and cabs nearby. We didn't take breakfast in the hotel, preferring a cafe down the road, with all the local people. I liked the piano bar in the hotel, but as others have said, it was dear. A beer and a glass of cava came to 15 euros. However, I enjoyed the atmosphere in there and the piano guy was great. We ate in the hotel restaurant one night. This was a slightly surreal experience, as it was just us and one other couple, but the service was friendly, the wine and food were excellent, and we didn't have far to go after the meal was over! Other places that we ate (which we had chosen from The Rough Guide to Barcelona) were El Glop, which was excllent, El Muscletaria (fantastic place selling just - you guessed it - mussels - and also clams), and a fabulous, fabulous restaurant called 'anima', in which I had one of the best meals that I have ever had in my life. All three restaurants were well worth seeking out, and were packed full of locals, so obviously not just for tourists! I really, really enjoyed Barcelona, especially Parc Guell, the Gaudi House near to the Majestic Hotel, the Miro Fundacion and La Seu, with the views from the rooftop and the geese in the peaceful courtyard.I would like to return to the city. In truth I do not think I would stay at the Majestic again, as on this occasion I did not think we got what we paid for, and that would be my main gripe. Maybe I wasn't canny enough when I booked! I would prefer to find a cheaper hotel that was a bit more honest about what it offered and was better value for money. 