Great Hotel - Service could Improve

I recently spent a wonderful weekend in Barcelona staying at the Hotel 1898. The hotel is superb- set in a great location and the rooftop pool is awesome.I reserved a classic room as when I called to enquire I was told that the Classic rooms which sit on the inner courtyard were all exactly the same size as rooms in the next category up, so I booked one of these thinking we wouldn't spend a great deal of time in the room anyway.However when I was shown to my room (room 510) after waiting 20 minutes, it was small, dark and awkwardly shaped, and looked nothing like the images on their website. A bed was pushed up against the tiny window making the room even darker. I checked the floorplan on the door and this room was indeed smaller than the other internal rooms as it was on the corner by the lifts, so I called reception to change the room. As no other Classic rooms were available I had to pay an extra 50 euros per night for the privilege but the Superior room ( room 635) I now had was terrific - light, bright and airy with a street view.The hotel 1898 have no dedicated concierge- and I was told that all the reception staff could assist with any query, but when I asked them to recommend a restaurant for dinner I was sent to an overpriced tourist trap on the beach with terrible food and awful service. This wasn't helped by the inaccurate directions they provided. Taxis also seem to be quite difficult for them to organise (perhaps due to the location), but we were always kept waiting ages or were advised to walk.If you're looking for a great - and cheap - seafood restaurant, then try La Paradeta on C/Comercial 7 about a 15 minute walk from the hotel. Superb seafood, served refectory style. Choose from glistening mounds of clams, mussels, squid, spider crabs and whatever else the boats have brought in, let them know how you'd like it cooked (grilled, steamed or a la marinera), pick a sauce, buy a drink and wait for your number to be called. .I would recommend Hotel 1898 as a great place to stay, especially for the wonderful rooftop terrace and the central location but don't ask the staff for tips or advice and make sure they don't put you into one of the small and dark corner rooms on the inner courtyard. Oh, and watch out for the 2 elderly gentlemen standing by reception - I have no idea what their role was as they never spoke, never assisted with anything, never did anything in fact, but they were always there- management perhaps, but what they were managing I do not know? 