I'm still dreaming about their breakfast.

I stayed at the Park Inn from July 2nd through the 6th. My father booked this hotel through his travel agent and we paid 109 Euros a night.I think the location of the hotel is absolutely perfect. The S-Bahn and U-Bahn are just a few steps away (you're on the S-Bahn line to Schoenenfeld), as are the 100  200 bus lines. If you feel like walking, Unter der Linden is about 10 minutes away. Museum Island is about a 15 minute walk, or just take the bus. And right outside, there is a department store plus several places to eat or grab a snack. We must have paid the business rate because were were entitled to the free fancy breakfast - omg, what a spread. Eggs, sausages, fresh fruit, yogurt, jams, random veggies, muesli, cheeses, meats, all sorts of drinks and more varieties of delicious breads than I have seen in a while. The service was pretty good and I could have stayed there all morning. Seriously, I would go back just for the breakfast.The people at the front desk were polite and helpful. There was some problem with our reservation (I blame the travel agent) but it was quickly resolved and we had rooms next to each other, despite arriving on different dates. Plus, they let me check in at 10am and the check-out went smoothly (we also lets on different dates). FYI - the front desk staff speaks perfect English.We were on the 33rd floor. While our view was not of central Berlin, I still enjoyed looking out at the night lights. The bathroom set-up with the shower/toilet in the room was a bit odd, but the closets were nice and there was plenty of storage space. If the hotel had fluffy towels, I would have given them an Excellent rating. I enjoyed the built-in lamps by the bed and the nice comforter. Plus, the cleaning staff folded my pajamas for me. My sense was that the hotel gets lots of large groups, but it also works well for the individual traveler.Of the amenities, I only used the spa. No one was there, so I could play in the showers and saunas to my heart's content. Also, the International calling rates seemed reasonable though I had trouble figuring out how to use the VM and calling out system (probably because my German [-----]). 