Enjoyed our stay - Great Value

We stayed at Hotel Jazz during the final leg of a 2.5 week trip to Spain and France. We paid about 110 Euro for a standard room. Based on previous posts we requested and got a higher floor room on the 6th floor. The front desk was very accomodating given our unexpected late arrival due to a delayed flight from France. One drawback was that they were unable to provide a luggage cart for our 6 bags, so we ended up taking two trips up and down to get everything into the room. We heard very little street noise and definitely no impact from the rumbling of the metro that we read about. We did hear quite a bit of noise from the hallway, but it was quiet at night. Also, the curtains in the room are incredible. They blocked almost all the light!!The room was very nice, we did have a king bed, which was actually two twins pushed together. I would rate this just ok. The bed was adequate, we could sleep, but nothing to rave about. We took advantage of the wireless Internet. It was very very easy to use and very helpful to us. Also English speaking news stations were great, particularly CNBC Europe.The bathroom was fantastic. Fresh towels and toiletries every day, which was great. Toiletries were great, razor kit (husband forgot to pack a razor), toothbrush, sewing kit, shampoos, soaps, etc. The rooftop pool is smaller, but wonderful. A great way to start the day with relaxation or to unwind after a long day. It was crowded sometimes, but we always managed to get a chair. Also, the tables were great, we bought sandwiches a few days and just ate them up there, which was nice. The hotel location is awesome, very centralized and easy to get just about anywhere in the city. We had lunch one day at d'Or across the street. It was great. Also, I don't speak Spanish at all and thrive on coffee, so was pleased to find a nearby Starbucks.....I know I know, but it was good for me. The front desk was not good with recommendations for where to buy some bottled water, etc. but we found the Champions grocery on the rambla which was a great solution for water and wine to keep in the room. They were very helpful though in making reservations at local restaurants we wanted to try and navigating the metro. They also gave some interesting recommendations for walks around the city that were not on the map. I definitely recommend going to dinner one night at La Venta in the Tibidabo area of the city. We ate upstairs, where you will need reservations, but the service, food, and view were outstanding!! 