Seven Bridges; good but not that special

I booked this hotel well in advance since everywhere else seemed full up and the reviews were so good. We asked for one of the back rooms at cheaper rate (110 euros for double b and b) for three nights. It was easy to find; we took the train from the airport (ticket machines don't take cash and wouldn't accept our cash cards so we should have just queued at the counter). And then straight out to the trams and on to a number 4 (bought the tickets on board, asked for Prinsengraght). From the stop it was a short walk to Seven Bridges. The reception was v efficient and we were directed straight to our room on the ground floor at the back (Number 4 I think). The room was very pleasant with large open windows looking out on to a tree filled back garden/yard (no view). The bed was v comfortable with lovely cotton sheets and pillows. The shower room was fine, soft towels etc. The other reviews rave about this place; we thought it was a great location and an ok hotel. It actually felt quite impersonal and I don't think we saw any other residents although it was full. It was difficult to get a conversation from the receptionist; i guess it is just a quiet reserved place. You could choose your breakfast time from 8 to 9am. I thought this was a bit tight since the only thing which would actually need preparing was the tea or coffee (they could have sorted the trays at 7am and been a bit more flexible for us lazy late starters). I know they started preparing at 7am since our room backed on to the kitchen and they woke me up each morning making a load of noise. Would have commented on this to the staff but wasn't asked if I had enjoyed my stay so tdidn't bother mentioning it. The breakfast was lovely fresh croissant, orange juice, breads and hams and cheese. On the first day we has yoghurt too but didn;t eat it and never got any more!Ermm I would say that this a nice safe clean functional hotel (well, more of a b and b really)in a good location but it's not cheap and it isn't quite as special as the other reviewers try to make out. Having said that we had a great stay and enjoyed coming and going from the hotel with no hassle. 