Arts Lovely Hotel But Service Disappointing

Spent last weekend at the Arts Hotel for a special occasion. For a deluxe 5 star hotel, I was disappointed at the service.When I arrived, the conceirge took my travel case for me which would be delivered to my room after check-in. However, an hour later and a telephone call to the conceirge desk, my case arrived. I just wanted to throw on a bikini and grab my suntan lotion!For the both days I was there, I had to call housekeeping to come and clean my room. On the first day, after spending a busy day, I just wanted to jump in the shower. When I returned back to the room, all the towels had been left on a pile on the floor and the room remained untouched. Needless to say, a maid did come to the room after I had been told that they were busy doing turndown for the evening. I just wanted some fresh towels nevermind about turndown!!. That evening we asked the conceirge to make a dinner reservation for that evening and also one for the Sunday evening as it was a special occasion. On the Sunday, we didn't have a clue where we were going so asked the conceirge desk, which restaurant we had been booked into only to find to our dismay, that nothing had been booked. The lady on the desk then started to ring some restaurants only to find them booked (no surprises at such short notice). By the third restaurant she had called, it was then discovered that a reservation had indeed been made for us but the lady who handled our request the previous evening had failed to tell anyone about it. On returning back to our room after the fiasco with the restaurant reservation, the room had not been cleaned again. Once I can let it go but for a second time, I was annoyed as hell only to be asked that was I sure that I left the light on the door for the room to be cleaned. For those who haven't stayed at Arts before, they do have a simple system. By inside of the door, there are two switches - one to clean the room, one for privacy. Not rocket science but when I complained to the check-out desk that all was not well with our stay, I was told that the switches can be confusing!!Our room was on the 6th floor which you could hear a lot of traffic noise - probably not a problem if your room was higher up.That being said, the rooms are fab, the spa is good with great views from the 43rd floor but expensive. The service round the swimming pool is good. Remember to take ID if you go to the casino next doorIts a real shame that we had the problems that we did otherwise probably couldn't fault the hotel but for the money we paid and the reputation of this hotel, it was rather disappointing. 