Great place to stay at the Union Square

We stayed at the Chancellor hotel at the Union Square from 21st to the 29th of Aug, for a conference at the Grand Hyatt and we really enjoyed it.Check in :Easy and a friendly. We had requested a refrigerator in the room (based on one of the TA reviews - it really was very useful) Room:Really comfortable for two people. The walk-in closet really expanded the space so that you could store your suitcases and not bump into anything. We had asked for the topmost floor overlooking the Union square, based on TA reviews and were glad for the choice. We weren't bothered by traffic or noise, and in fact found the music filtering in every evening from the Union square really charming. The sound of the cable cars and fire engines wasn't bad enough to disturb our sleep.Bathroom:Slightly on the smaller size, but big enough when we used it one at a time. Wished we had used the comfortable bath-tub (and the rubber duck).Lobby :The hotel lobby is intimate and cosy enough that you welcome coming back after a cool and tiring day. The freshly baked cookies with different types baked everyday (chocolate chip, raisin etc), coffee and apples were appreciated. Infact after the first day, when we had Starbucks, we didn't really feel the need to have any coffee elsewhere. ( I usually obsess over my coffee, and I really liked it).Location:(I hate saying location, location, location, location) Great. Just right next to Union square, a hop across to cafes, diners, small bistros, delis, a cable car stop right across, and very convenient for our conference also- just a block across.Staff:Rory, Steve, and the other guys at the reception- very helpful. Any question we had, use of the business center to print our boarding cards, picking up a Fedex for us and calling us up when it came- very helpful.LuquesFilling breakfast with cheerful staff (especially Nancy). We had breakfast a day before the conference and it was really good. Bacon usually is too salty to eat, but even an occasional non-vegetarian like me enjoyed it. My wife had the veggie menu and felt her breakfast was ok.Smell:I know somebody had mentioned some smell in the lobby. I didn't really notice any smell except the nice smell of popcorn. There was however some funny smell in the passage outside our room. Just a minor point, and not really a big issue, as the room was comfortable, (non smelly) and the location cant be beaten.Would we come back here- Yes! in a heartbeat.. Just loved San Francisco, and the convenience and homely feel of the Chancellor had a lot to do with it. 