Simply said: PERFECT!

A stay at the Ritz Carlton in Berlin is definitely a treat. I just came in from a short and demanding business trip to singapore (where I also had the pleasure of staying at the Ritz-Carlton) and went directly to Berlin. They gave me a Club Level room (without the privileges) and although my personal taste is much more on the modern side, I just loved the classic beauty of the Karl Friedrich Schinkel-inspired furniture. The room is spacious (working desk with ink-well and old-fashioned nib), the bed is a dream (yes, they have a pillow menu to choose from), the marble bathroom does have a heated floor (if it is not warm enough for your taste, ask housekeeping: they will turn it up), the TV cabinet also houses a DVD-player as additional entertainment option. And did I mention they actually placed a La Prairie body emulsion with the bathroom amenities? The Spa is luxurious, the small gym has the latest state of the art technogym equipment.But all this would not make the Ritz-Carlton the extraordinary place it is without the Ladies and Gentlemen working there.My company hosted a four-day client event at the Ritz-Carlton. One evening, we had a special guest (a well known up-and-coming German actor) invited for dinner outside the hotel. We returned and settled for drinks at the Curtain Club. You know, they don't close as long as there are guests... and the night became longer and longer with drinks and talk. At two thirty in the morning, the actor and one of the top managers felt like playing a round of chess and they asked the bartender if he had a board. When he declined, the actor off-handishly said something along the lines of: ...that's kind of weak, I thought this was a luxury hotel... A quarter of an hour later, the night concierge had found a set of figurines. He also downloaded the image of a chess-board from the internet and had it printed on canvas... so the guests got their game of chess, which lasted until six a.m.. ...going above and beyond the usual duty of a bartender and a concierge is what makes the Ritz-Carlton so special. Needless to say, everyone in the entire group learned about the famous chess-board......and this was not the only time the staff at the Ritz-Carlton proved to be the heart and soul of the hotel. All our clients, who are seasoned and demanding travellers, were very pleased with their stay at the Ritz-Carlton - and for me, the RC is definitely the hotel by which I measure every other hotel I stay at.One other thing I can recommend: Try the afternoon tea - served on fine Wedgewood porcelain, it is a luxurious passtime that has style and flair... 