It was just Okay

I stayed here with my boyfriend as part of our trip around London and Barcelona, mainly because of the number of raving reviews. First I stayed in room 314, and yes, we heard the rumbling and vibration of the underground train, which stopped around midnight. Try and get a higher floor.The bathroom was nice, new, sparkling and clean which was a plus, as I am a cleanfreak. We desperately needed a converter plug for charging our laptop and we continuously called and asked the front desk about one for the entire duration of our stay (3 days) and the answer each time was that they were all out. Each time we called it seemed as though someone just got one 20 minutes ago and we were out of luck. So be sure to bring your own adapters. We could have bought one from down the street but it just seemed like a waste since we were here for so little.The beds weren't as soft and comfortable as when we stayed near the ocean in the Arts Hotel (the first part of our trip), and the bedding was just sheets really. The soundproofing from outside the room was alright, we didn't hear much noise, except when a rally of protestors woke us up at 7am, but otherwise it's quiet.The pool closes pretty early, about 7 or 8pm, and so I can't say we got to enjoy it, because we spent most of the day out and about the city.Location-wise it is perfect, it's right by Las Ramblas and within walking distance of all stores and areas. While you are there, stop at Farggi's and have a gelato, it's really good. Don't expect someone to get your bags for you, and there is no concierge. The english-speaking front desk does most everything, but I guess I caught them in the wrong times because they weren't too friendly or polite.Overall the hotel is nice... yes it is all 'modern' but if you know anything about construction and materials you can see it's all cheap decor (doorframe is a plastic material), but if that crap doesn't matter to you it should be no problem. If the price is right then do it. All in all it was a pleasant and memorable stay, besides the little things mentioned above that was a bit annoying. 