Overpriced, poor service

I stayed at the Krasnapolsky for one night on October 15, 2004. The main problem with this hotel is service overall and the front desk in particular. First, the lobby of the Krasnapolsky is extremely disorganized. There is no reason that they could not put up a sign and some ropes indicating that the line for the check-in counter starts here. Instead, guests were coming at the clerks from all directions and people breaking into the 2 or 3 lines that had formed. It made the check-in process about twice as long as it should have been. Second, there were only three front desk clerks working when we checked in and there were many guests lined up. This is poor planning and again contributed to a very long and very frustrating check in.On to my room. It was clean, yet very small and cramped. I would have expected more for 200 Euro a night. Also, I had to walk a great distance to get to the elevator, and there were a minimum of signs. Again, very frustrating.The room safe malfunctioned and I could not get access to my valuables. Again, frustrating.On the positive side, the breakfast was excellent. Very good food and good service in the restaurant.At checkout, the same chaotic scene greeted me, and a stranger in front of me commented that the front desk area was possibly the most disorganized he had ever seen. I agree with him. The front desk in any hotel is vital to a customer's impression of the hotel - and the front desk at the Krasnapolsky is about the worst I have ever encountered - especially for a luxury hotel. I would not stay at the Krasnapolsky again. Ironically, I stayed at the NH Ch芒teau Marquette in Heemskerk for 5 nights prior to the Krasnapolsky, and although the hotel was not as luxurious as the Krasnapolsky, the staff were friendly and helpful and the food was again very good. It seems as though the service problems at the Krasnapolsky are not found at all NH hotels - perhaps the front desk staff at the Krasnapolsky need more basic customer service training, or the front desk management should be looked at. 