This hotel has character and the wow factor!

Myself and my wife have just returned from a 5 day break in San Francisco and stayed at the Argonaut Hotel. We picked the hotel based on it's top 10 status on Trip Advisor. We were not disappointed, this hotel has loads of character and is one of the best US hotels we have stayed in.The location is surperb which all the previous reviews confirm. It is just around the corner to the Hyde/Powell cable car turnaround point and only a short walk from the Hyde/Market cable car and also the streetcar service which goes right away to Castro. The ferry piers are also within easy reach. There is an abundance of restaurants/cafes/shops etc. Definately try the fresh crab from anywhere on Fishermans Grotto and the fresh clam chowder in a bread bowl from the boudin bakery.The check in was quick, painless and pleasant experience. The hotel decor was nautical, modern, cosy and very well kept. The room was like it hadnt been slept in before and was spotlessly clean. We had an inside room with a view of an inner square. The room was longer than wide but plenty of room for two with a lovely nautical theme and exposed beams left behind by its previous use as the Del Monte warehouse. The room had a Sony Vega TV and DVD player, radio alarm clock and Aveda products in the bathrooms, umbrella in the wardrobe/closet (which we needed one day) and dont forget the quirky leopard print bathrobes.Every night at 17:00 there is free wine provided of the monthly featured vineyard by the hotel manager and staff. It can get a bit busy in the lobby and fire area during these times but it is good to mingle with fellow guest and staff to swap stories and tips.All staff we came in contact with were friendly, helpful and always had something nice to say such as welcome back, Hope you had a nice day or Have a great day. There was an asian girl who worked on the concierge desk who wasnt rude or unhelpful but not has friendly looking as the others.All in all this hotel is clean, efficient, quirky, cosy and has bags of character. we will definately return to SF and when we do there is no doubt that we will stay at The Argonaught.Some tips which you may find useful. Buy the Muni pass for transport on the Cable cars, streetcars and buses, it will save you a fortune. We paid $24 for 7 days and had our monies worth and more despite not using 2 days of the pass. Go to Mamas on Washington Square for breakfast, you have to queue for 15-20mins but it is worth it. More locally is the Hollywood Cafe run by a chinese husband and wife due. Great american breakfast great service and you get to leave a message on a napkin for the wall. Do a wine country tour it is good to get out of SF and have a few! sips of wine. If you go to Alcatraz have the audio tour included its worth it and very interesting. Take a door to door shuttle to and from airport costs around $10-$13 each, buts it worth it. We tried to do public transport, we caught BART from airport costing $5 each plus a cable car to the hotel at $5 each. It took over an hour and was a bit of hastle with the cases, for another $10 we had a shuttle back, which was quicker and easier. 