Horror Show

I am an experienced traveler. I travel for business and pleasure. We take two vacations a year as a family. Those vacations are for a period of seven to 20 days each. My wife and I have used Tripadvisor for years. She has posted in the past but I have only used the site for my edification and am writing today for the first time. Our current travel experience has prompted me to write.I almost always look askance at postings of a terrible experience at a hotel that has a high Tripadvisor rating assuming it was an aberration. Alas, we are in the throws of such an experience at the Hotel 1898 in Barcelona, Spain. We love Barcelona. This is our second trip to the city. On our first trip, we had a wonderful experience. Great sites. Great people. I purchased one of my favorite pieces of original art from an artist in Barcelona which hangs in the entrance to our home. Our second trip to Barcelona has been a horror show. We came to the city for two days prior to a cruise. Our flight from Boston was delayed 10 hours but we slept on the flight to Paris before our connection to Barcelona. We looked forward to the Hotel 1898 as an oasis from the downside of travel. Alas, Hotel 1898 was anything but an oasis. My wife lost her passport. We assumed she lost it in the Barcelona airport but her recollection is that she had it in the hotel room. We take responsponsibility for not putting our cash and passports in the safe in our room. The passport is missing along with 300 Euros. It is a curious amount to be missing because it was three 100 euro bills that were taken from a larger sum of money and not all of the money was taken. We have taken the position that we lost the passport and have not complained to the hotel. We did ask them for their recommendation on what to do and they recommended we report the lost passport at the police station. They also told us the police would give us a report that would allow us to travel. I tipped the gentleman behind the desk 20 euro for his assistance. We did as advised and the police were very accommodating. We were told it will be up to the cruise line as to whether they let us board.We chalked the downside of our trip up to the adage: ---- happens and were ready to put the incident behind us for the rest of the evening. Alas, that's when we ran into a Barcelona we had not seen before. In the lobby of the hotel is an oriental restaurant, La Xina. We looked forward to a relaxing dinner in the hotel. It was 10pm and we were told by the restaurant to return at 11pm for seating. Upon our return we were told a table was not ready and that we should go up to the bar and they would let us know when a table was ready. The bar consists of an oak runner around an open kitchen. Four bottles of Moet and some wine were stacked in a plastic crate filled with ice. There were no more than eight bottles of alcohol on the counter. It looked more like a bar you would see at a house party. I waited patiently while the young man made three frozen margaritas. Just before he was done another man that worked at the restaraunt came up from downstairs with five young women in tow. He stepped front of me and spoke to the bartender who nodded in return. Upon finishing the margaritas and passing them to a waiter the bartender looked past me to the young women to take their order. I politely said, Excuse me. Without missing a beat, he told me he knew I was waiting but that he was told to wait on the women next. I asked the ma卯tre d if the restaurant was affiliated with the hotel or unaffiliated (I did not bother to complain). He told me it was unaffiliated. One can not give one's business to an establishment that could be so outwardly rude. Our family went for pizza down the street. When I travel I maintain low expectations and normally appreciate the courtesies extended to me and my family as guest saway from home. The Hotel 1898, and its unaffiliated restaurant, failed at meeting even the minimum standards. 