Ideal Location for first time in Paris

We stayed in the Albe Hotel for our recent first time trip to Paris. We had about 5 days to explore the city. We are urban dwellers in our early 30's and our trip goal was to experience urban life in Paris while putting 10,000 miles on our shoes during our short trip. A friend of a friend that has stayed in Paris multiple times and always stays at the Albe recommended the Albe to me.In general, I think it is the absolute ideal location for our needs. As I stated, this was our first time in Paris and the central location could not be better. I tend to obsessively research hotels before I travel and the location relative to the must see sites in Paris is what attracted me to Albe. The Albe is literally just steps into the left bank south of the Ile de la Cite. We saw all of the sites that we could comfortably see in Paris without ever using a cab. We walked and used the metro (subway) for all of our travel. During a random early morning jog I found myself in awe while running through the courtyard in the Louvre at the 7-minute mark.The hotel is on the corner of 2 small streets with lots of foot traffic and is just a block down from a major city street. The streets below the hotel are filled with some small restaurants with pizza, the ubiquitous gyro wraps, Greek fare, etc. There is a great little place just below the hotel, which has nice croissants, pastries, etc., for a French style breakfast. The street below is also home field for the local break dancing crews and random singing groups. Because of this, we could hear some classic 80's breakdancing hits at times during our evening naps. This was mostly nostalgic and entertaining. It was not an actual disturbance for us. The quality of the breakdancing was questionable, but I guess that is for another review. I will try to stay focused here.The hotel decor is modern. The elevator is probably the smallest that I have ever been in, but, like the breakdancers, it was more entertaining than problematic. We stayed in room 640 on the 6th floor. The room was small, but I knew this prior to coming and this was not a problem at all. There is room for the bed, small desk, small wet bar, and TV. There are no drawers, but the closet has shelves for your clothes. The bathroom was adequate size and has a shower with a tub.The hotel staff was always cordial, respectful, and helpful. I would stay here again, if I went back to Paris and wanted an ideally, centrally located, clean place to lay my head in between adventures 