The best thing for this place is a wrecking ball

Funnily enough felt just like a bad hotel experience in the U.K. Our room was not been cleaned correctly, nor was it vacuumed for the first 5 nights of our stay. The bed was simply pulled together, never properly made. We were having to make the bed when we come back to the room each evening. Behind the bathroom door, there was former occupants hair on the floor. We asked for a room with two beds for our daughters at time of booking but that was not provided. The room issue is not a major one and we could have had the girls room changed but that meant a different floor. We decided against that. I was happy about that decision as when we went to use the laundry facilities on another floor, the floor closest to us was filthy. The hallways carpets are stained and the walls dirty, very nasty!The laundry facilities are a joke as well. Besides being expensive at $4 for a wash and the same for a short dry cycle, we had to wash our clothes on one floor but use a dryer elsewhere because the dryer has gum all over the inside. Just one more example of the filth in this hotel.When the issues of lack of proper cleaning of the hotel are brought up with hotel staff, no one seemed to care about the issueI asked for the air conditioning to be looked at as the hallways and common areas are all MUCH cooler than our room. We came back to the hotel, turned on the A/C and were covered in dust blowing from the A/C vent. At least they looked at it, didn't fix it, but they looked at it.From the start we have had difficulty with Internet service. The hotel is happy to charge our account for Internet service, however they continually refer us to a third party vendor when the service does not work. Given the cost of the Internet service here, we could have stayed at a much nicer hotel that included free Internet in the room charges. As we had two laptops, we are paying an additional $40/day, $20 for each laptop. For all that extra cost, I could not upload pictures to an online photo sharing site due to the slow connection and data restrictions.I especially loved the fact that there are endless tour groups of young American teenagers roaming about the hotel. Loud and rude, this is really what I wanted for the start of my vacation in Australia.The location was nice, at the south end of Hyde Park and the breakfast buffet was decent. However, at $22 it was fairly expensive by even Sydney standards. To give the hotel credit, after contacting my travel agents local representative, the hotel offered to credit back all internet charges. Alas, not so easy as at check out we had to present the letter provided from the hotel manager stating this. The internet charges were still on the bill. That was a 15 minute delay on a day when we had to get to the airport for a early flight. Just another sign of poor service 