Nice but expensive, characterless and with some other problems

I spent 5 nights in the Barcelona Universal. I was initially very happy with the hotel, but did find myself becoming more disappointed each day, though overall I have to say it is acceptable. Its a business hotel. Not very homely.The room was large enough, with two single beds and room to literally stretch your legs on all sides (should you care to do such a thing). I was satisfied with the cleanliness of the room, and I'm the kind of person who brings disinfectant wipes with me when I travel. The facilities; phones, net access, TV, minibar, AC, and safe were all modern. The bathroom too was comfortable. There is a free office facility on the 9th floor (2 PCs and printers) which might prove handy to you.The staff were fine, though I wouldn't describe them as especially friendly.The area was I guess pretty good. I wasn't there to sightsee but I think the stuff you might want to see is fairly accessible on foot, plus there's a metro station directly outside the door. It is very noisy though. The street its on is very busy and stays that way until quite late/early. Also, an ambulance/police car blares past every 10 minutes - seriously. Now this is not too much of a problem as the windows do insulate from sound very well, but you just can't leave them open, which means you've got to run the AC all day. Those of you with any kind of green conscience may feel a little bad about that. Also, speaking of noise, running water in the neighbouring bathrooms can be heard quite clearly, though other than that internal noise is not a problem.Now the room service was frankly very poor. I didn't actually visit the restaurant, but the food I had sent up on several occasions would barely have been acceptable in a bar (pub grub). This is a four star hotel and they charge as such, so this was really quite unacceptable (of course I didn't complain ... wimp). Breakfast was okay, but at E13.50, or there abouts, a go it would want to be ... I thought it was included! Its just as well that house keeping decided to stop giving me those things to hang on your door to say what you want!Overall, I could go back (on business that is, I would not go back on my own penny) but I think I'd rather try somewhere else if I had that kind of budget (E150 per night!). 