Safe choice but nothing special

We recently spent 4 nights in the Radisson Plaza after combing through many reviews on TripAdvisor and making our choice. We are frequent travellers worldwide and these are our impressions.The pros:1) the location is excellent, a quick walk to almost anywhere you'd like to go to in the Sydney Central Business District.2) the rooms are pleasant, clean and functional, easily the standard of a business hotel in a large city elsewhere in the world. It feels rather corporate, but they include all the little things you might need, like an iron, an extra blanket or pillow, and a small kettle for making a hot drink. The beds are very comfortable, the television works, internet access was fine and the overall impression is good. The bathroom was well-cleaned and new.The cons:1) the breakfast. We tried it once. It was woeful. In a city of Sydney's standard when it comes to food, it was even more disappointing to have such a low quality at the price they charged. I think we ordered a buffet breakfast that allowed us to only have cold food, and it was really very disappointing. Highly processed cereals, no muesli, bread that was cheap and nasty, fruit that was passable but nothing special, super-sweet yoghurts (whatever happened to plain yoghurt, full-fat?), bad quality tea and terrible coffee. It was like a buffet breakfast from the 1970s, and Sydney is a city that has excellent coffee and food available on every corner (that's what we did the other days). They charged us around A$25 per person for this. If you wanted watery scrambled eggs that had sat in the warming drawer, it cost quite a bit more.2) the bathroom. Our shower leaked, not terribly, but enough that it was irritating. The bathmat was sopping after each shower. The staff prominently placed a card stating that it was up to us to indicate when we wanted our towels changed. We unfortunately had to change them daily as there was nowhere to really hang them in the bathroom. If they really want guests to think of the environment and economize with cleaning, then they should put in some first-rate towel bars where the towels they give you to use can really air and either rake the floors so the shower drains properly, or clean the drains more frequently (or maybe both). One last thing: many reviewers discuss the staff. Most of them seemed extremely nice and eager to please, but when we arrived for check-in, the doorman at the top of the stairs who saw us struggling with our cases pretended to not see us and looked the other way.With a little bit of work this could be a lovely hotel. If eating a very mediocre breakfast doesn't worry you, nor mopping up the bathroom floor after each shower, then it's a pleasant place to stay. 