Best bargain on our whole trip!

We (family of 4 incl. two older teens) spent a month in Europe and I would have to say for the Euros spent and the class of accommodationsand service returned the Mercure Hotel  Residenz Berlin amCheckpoint Charlie was by far the best deal on our whole trip. At 137 Eur per night prepaid including taxes with no cancellation, no other hotel we stayed in came close, particularly in price, cleanliness and appointments.The Mercure Hotels is a mid-level price hotel chain which is part of the umbrella chain of the Accor Hotel Group which includes the Sofitel, Novotel, Mercure, Suitehotel and Ibis hotel chains as well as a number of others.The hotel itself is at the northern edge of Kreuzberg, one of the districts of Berlin (one fantastic city by the way), that has been undergoing renewal for the last 15 or so years (as many formerly East Berlin districts are doing). This one happens to include what was Checkpoint Charlie and remnants of the Berlin Wall which are only 3 blocks away from the hotel. The location is really quite good and it was quiet, day and night.The building itself if fairly new, but then so many newer German buildings are so well built (I'm an architect) and maintained, it could be 10 years old, but seem like 3. It is part of an entire city block that was redeveloped with several internal courtyards which the hotel looks into. The block itself was designed by one of Italy'smost renowned contemporary architects, Aldo Rossi. The Mercure Hotel moved into this block about 3 or 4 years ago from what I was told.In the immediate area are a few nice restaurants (a nice German/French restaurant called Entrecote is a block away) and there are quite a few cafes and local eateries and Starbucks around Checkpoint Charlie. To the north about 4 - 5 blocks is a trendy restaurant and bar neighbourhood on Charlottenstrasse which includes the Helmut Newton bar with it's titillating supergraphic and the classic Lutter and Wagner Restaurant serving good higher end German fare. Parallel and a block west of Charlottenstrasse is the classy shopping street Friedrichstrasse which has a bit of a 5th Avenue feel and includes Galeries Lafayette and a lot of designer boutiques.Transport is close with S-bahn stops (buses) and U-bahn stations (underground) at Checkpoint Charlie. There are also S-bahn stops 2 blocks to the north on Leipzigerstrasse. With these you can go virtually everywhere in Berlin making for easy access to all the popular tourist sites, cultural venues, parks and shopping districts.Our hotel room was on the 6th floor with the 7th being the top. We basically had two large full bedrooms fully carpeted connected by a wide corridor off of which there was a full tiled bathroom and a powder room and the entrance. We had two TVs and since the suite spanned the width of the building, tilt and turn windows at both ends of the suite. The suite was very comfortable, spacious and clean. All the appointments in the room were of good quality and worked well. The mattresses were ok, not sumprtuous by any means, but very adequate.We never ate any of our meals at the hotel even though the breakfast buffet looked tempting. However this is where I make my only gripe about the Mercure Checkpoint Charlie and that is the price of 16 Eurofor the breakfast buffet, which was the only choice. As we found in our research and travels in Europe, hotel breakfasts are very expensive, at least compared to what we are use to in N. America. True to German tradition, there is a well managed bar off the lobby that caters to patrons late into the night.Internet was available in the lobby on the house computer, which was at times occupied into the late evening hours.Staff were attentive, spoke very good English and were always eager to show you where you wanted to go. The hotel did not seem particularly busy in late April, but people were always coming and going. It's not a convention hotel and I don't recall seeing an exercise area.Would I go back? Yes and no. Berlin is a must see so I would certainly go back to Berlin. If value was a top priority Mercure Checkpoint Charlie is a no brainer. Knowing the lay of the land now, I might choose a different location just to get a different flavour as there are so many different neighbourhoods in Berlin, like Paris'sarrondissements. You won't be disappointed with this hotel if you get a good seasonal rate. If it was 200 Eur, there would other selections to consider including other Accor Hotels.Oh and two of many must dos. Go to Ka De We department store to the food floor, it's a gourmet's fantasy and take a Fat Tire Bike Tour (Berlin is dead flat with dedicated cycling lanes) from the base of the Fernsehturm (huge radio/observation tower), it's better than an open bus tour. 