Silver Cloud says: Lump It Or Leave It, We Don't Care

Most other people seem to have had a nice experience here, and I certainly don't wish to negate that. We saw a lot of families having a nice time. I wish I could say the same, but I cannot. I still feel angry about our experience here--not because a mistake in booking was made, but because the management was so rude about it.The story-- After reading a lot of good reviews, I booked this hotel for 3 adults, requesting a suite on the main floor and a disabled bathroom. (We were traveling with my elderly and disabled mother, who was in a wheelchair.) I did a lot of online research and made several phone calls to verify these points.I was really looking forward to the hotel--the reviews were good and I thought my mom would be really happy. Yet when we arrived, exhausted from a day of air travel and driving, we were informed that our room wasn't a suite, had no disabled bathroom, and wasn't on the main floor. So I asked for the manager--and waited. The manager eventually appeared. He didn't quite suggest we get lost--at least not directly --but he might as well have. His manner and words made it clear that we were a pain and a problem and it was a take-it-or-leave-it situation. I've backpacked in Europe, and roughed it in Mexico and China --- I've never been treated so dismissively. I had the clear impression he was trying to get us to leave. They eventually booked us into another room which supposedly had a disabled bathroom. Did anyone come up with us to see to it that the room was okay? No. Was it okay? No. There was no disabled bathroom AND it was next to the venting outlets AND it smelled unclean. So we went downstairs to complain again--to no avail. We would certainly have gone elsewhere but there was nothing available--believe me, I called a bunch of hotels!!. A few days later they moved us (at our strenous request) to a cleaner room. We were in town for family business, so we put the best face on it and stayed. I felt embarrassed--I had worked hard to find a place where our stay would be pleasant. My mother was also embarrassed--she went a week without a shower and thought the manager didn't want us because she was disabled. I was so angry I later wrote a long letter of complaint to the manager of public relations for the hotel chain. I stated my feeling that errors do happen (good people make mistakes), but in such situations it is appropriate to take responsibility and do what can be done to make your guests feel at home, rather than treating them like something the cat dragged in. The response? A one-sentence sorry there was a problem with your reservation from the management. Hands down, the worst travel experience ever. That includes the pit toilets in China. 