Nice hotel - but try to avoid the rooms to the street

Stay on the executive floor in Dec 2005 was good value for the money given that I had made a reservation for a standard room over a week-end and was upgraded through a HHonors Gold card. When I came back in May 2006 for a business trip, I got a standard room with windows to the street which was quite noisy. Others might be less sensitive to French drivers roaring through the streets at 3 a.m. and people shouting there, but I could not get any sleep throughout the whole night.Frankly speaking, I had spent nights in a discount hotel on the Porte de Montreuil for 35 EUR per night which turned out more comfortable than here at the Hilton Arc de Triomphe. When I asked for another room with windows to the court yard for the following nights, I was given a room which was really fine and quiet.Another drawback is that the hotel is indeed situated relatively remote. As another traveller in this forum has pointed out correctly, Hilton Arc de Triomphe is a bit misleading as a name, in the sense that you will not even be able to see the Arc from the hotel. You rather have to have a 10 minutes walk to arrive there. The next metro station is officially Courcelles, but as far as the walking distances are concerned, it is almost arbitrage-free whether you walk to Charles de Gaulle Etoile on the Champs or to Courcelles - especially given the fact that you are immediately on the RER line when walking to CdG Etoile. 10 minutes walking distance to the next trou de métro is already at the upper range of what one could expect in central Paris.To sum up, for the relative remoteness and the risk of getting a noisy room, I consider the hotel slightly overpriced. There are hotels of the same standard in this district which appear less remote and noisy and offer standard at a slighly more reasonable price (Sofitel among others).One final adivce for holders of Hilton HHonors Gold VIP cards: Although holders are normally granted complimentary access to the health club and fitness centers at the hotel, the card is not valid for free access to the hotel spa unless you reside on the executive floor. 