I really wanted to like the Watertown, but......

Our first two days at the Watertown were great. We enjoyed the complimentary breakfast and the chocolate chip cookies in the lobby. It was a good value for the price we were paying....until our 3rd day.We left at 7am in the morning and when we returned at 3pm I was surprised to see a maid's cart on the floor. I didn't think much of it until we went in our room and saw that the room wasn't made up. We were in town for a wedding that was starting in 2 hours, so we picked up a couple towels from the floor and started getting ready. While I was in the shower housekeeping stopped by. My husband explained that we were getting ready and to come back after 4pm. A few minutes later we got a call from the front desk saying that if we didn't get our room cleaned right then that it wouldn't be cleaned at all. Finally the front desk said that the room would be made up after 6pm. That was fine with us, since we were going to be out until late in the evening. To our surprise at 4pm housekeeping showed up again. We were almost ready, so told them to come back in 10 minutes and we would be gone. Two minutes later the front desk called and said that the maid had left and that our room would not be cleaned up. The conversation went back and forth with the front desk. Even at a Motel 6 I expect to have my room made up. In the end as we were leaving I gave the front desk my blackberry number and told them to have the manager call me if they were unable to get our room cleaned. The clerk at the front desk (who was giving us some serious attitude) got off the phone (with whom appeared to be the offsite manager) and announced that she was going to clean our room and to not exepct much since she wasn't a trained housekeeper.We returned to a room that appeared to be cleaned, except for that there were no bath towels in the room and instead we were left with 5 bath mats! Maybe that was the clerk's way of getting even with us.The front desk appeared to be staffed by college students and not once between Thursday and Sunday did we see a manager or someone who appeared over 25 years old. I really question who is in charge here. I shouldn't have to argue with a clerk over whether my room is going to be cleaned, especially when I was gone for 8 hours during the day. I did contact the manager when I returned home. They did say that my experience should not have happened. They offered me $20 off a future stay. No thank you. I'd rather stay some place where I can be assured of clean towels and no attitude!If everything is going well and you have low expectations, I think the Watertown is a fine place to stay. But if anything out of the ordinary happens (like housecleaning not being able to get rooms clean by 3pm), good luck!!! 