value for money - couple from Galway, Ireland

good value for money, good location, helpful staff, large clean room, large bathroom with good water pressure. however, slight musty smell. Complimentary breakfast in reception area, must take back to room as no seating area - fruit, juice, muffins, croissants, tea, coffee, enough to keep one going. Free parking.Nice eateries on Polk Street (towards wharf direction - great Thai - Lemongrass, very reasonable. Also Scomas - great seafood restaurant (good steak took), Pier 41 in to left, towards sea, off the main road. We hired bikes from Blazzing Saddles and cycled along sea front  across Golden Gate Bridge to Sausilito, ( all down hill from bridge) came back by ferry as too steep to cycle back. Thoroughly enjoyed the trip, took about 1hr 15 mins.A warm fleece or jacket is need in SF in late Sept/early Oct.We spent 3 weeks driving from LA to San Fran( up Highway 1) to Death Valley via Yosemite and onto Las Vegas. We then flew to New York to stay with family for 2 nights before heading home.The following is a list of where we stayed  quick commentsLA - Hollywood Celebrity Hotel - great location, basic but great value. - 2 nightsSanta Barbara - Cheshire Cat Inn - excellent overall, not too expensive - 1 night - loved the town.San Luis Obispo - Petit Soleil B  B - excellent overall - not too expensive - 1 night - nice town.Monterey penninsula - Old Monterey Inn - better than excellent but expensive, - very romantic - 2 nights - lovely area especially if one is into golf as we are - Pebble Beach - wow!San Fran - Nob Hill Motor Inn - good location, basic but great value.Yosemite Nat Park - Ahwahnee Hotel - excellent but expensive, romantic - 2 nights.Lone Pine - Dow Villa Motel - good value, 1 night, on hind sight no need to stay here, could have driven from Ahwahnee to Furnace Creek in Death Valley without breaking the journey with an overnighter here. Could just have stopped for dinner at the Merry Go Round restaurant.Death Valley - Furnace Creek Ranch (Inn not open) - no real options in DV, 1 nightLas Vegas - The Orleans Hotel - off strip, shuttle every 15 mins, took about 7 mins - fantastic value - 3 nights.See separate reviews also, have listed as above because a lot of people seem to do this trip and if we had come across something like this initially, it would have taken us a fraction of the time to put the trip together. 