Very disappointed

My husband and I stayed at the Amora Jamison for 3 nights. We arrived later than expected due to our flight being delayed and upon arrrival at the hotel (which was after 2pm) we found our room not ready. The check in staff apologised and asked if we would like another room to which we replied 'yes'. They then couldn't get the swipe keys to the room to work so gave us a couple of complimentary drink cards to go and sit in the bar whilst they sorted our room. We went to our room not long after and found a nice letter on the bed welcoming back another geust to the hotel, which we recieved phone calls throughout the entire stay (very annoying). We had booked the 'sweethearts package' and this package included sparkling wine and chocolates on arrival in the room. The wine was in the room but no chocolates, phone call was made to reception to ask for the chocolates. We received at the door a bowl of fruit, didn't ask for this but took it anyway. Another phone call was made to enquire about the chocolates, recieved another bottle of wine, another phone call and we had the chocolates. There didn't seem to be any communication between the 4 staff members we spoke to but all the extras was free of charge!! The package also included in room dining for breakfast which arrived on time each morning but the staff just pushed the trolley into the room and said the toaster is in the cupboard and left. We left our room the following morning at 9.30 to go shopping and returned to our room around 2pm. Our room had not been made up in this time so we phoned housekeeping to complain, floor manager explained they had 400 rooms to get through etc...This is not our problem and when check in is 2pm you would expect adequat staff to complete this task. Our room was cleaned and within half hour of the cleaner leaving we had another knock at the door to clean our room!! When we checked out they tried to charge us for the mini bar items that had been used (not by us). We had previously stayed here when it went by the name of Rydges Jamison and I think when the name changed all the excellent staff went with them. We will never stay here again. 