TOTALLY UNORGANIZED

At first we were impressed by the location (quiet avenue, walking distance from the Eiffel Tower) and the fact that the rooms had been recently renovated and everything was super clean.But later the true quality of this hotel was revealed. First, the air conditioning was not working properly, so the 2 rooms we had were a hot as a sauna. The very friendly but absolutely incompetent girl at the desk simply apologized but did not provide any kind of solution. We were basically told to grin and bear it, as it was a holiday in Paris and there was no staff to fix it. Changing rooms was not a possibility either. Later on the day, we asked for an iron, which of course was not available in the room. My husband was sent to a steamy room in the basement and had to iron his shirt himself, as again, there was no staff/laundry service available. The last straw was when, having tickets for the Opera, we asked Reception to book a taxi for us with an hour in advance. The girl said that it was not necessary to book it that early, as 10 minutes was enough. Of course, the taxi she called was over 15 minutes late, so we started to get worried and went out to the street to get one ourselves. Guess what? When we are sitting inside the car, already running late and risking missing the show we had booked months in advance, she ran outside to the street, opened the door, and demanded us to get off the car immediately as she had already called a taxi for us and we could not cancel it. We replied it was her own fault as she had evidently called it too late, but she was mad and demanded the taxi driver to stop. Just then the other taxi arrived, and we were forced to get in it. By the time we got there, we barely had time to get to our seats a minute before it started. We were so stressed and shocked that the whole evening was ruined. Oh, and did I mention that the transfer she booked for us to pick us from the airport was ALSO 20 minutes late? To sum up, the administration of the hotel is completely unreliable, so if you decide to stay there, be prepared to book all your services independently and deal with the insane girl at the front desk. After the taxi incident she was SO rude that we were actually happy to leave Paris. 