Watch out for this one!

The previous positive reviews must have been from those who were given OUR room. Just hope that you get there to get a room ahead of someone else!We booked this hotel through Hotwire, which was misleading, as it listed this hotel as a Pike Street Market hotel. Not so: it is 5 long city blocks away. It also lists as a boutique hotel which is to make it sound quaint, I guess. Translate it: Old and unrelenting.We called ahead because we specifically needed two beds for medical reasons. I even checked in early to secure a room. I was told by a counter help that your room is locked in for the 14th floor and two beds. We returned at 6 p.m. to be told that because of increased business, our room had been changed to a room with one king bed (very, very small) and a lower floor.Now: I had been told to check in early and that I would get a higher floor room with two beds. Not so. To say that I have a room locked in and then to DOWN GRADE me, is inexcusable. I only regret that I didn't wear my new Trip adviser bill hat! The front desk was very, very rude; cutting my sentences off midway to tell me that it didn't matter what I was told, a crowd had come in and they sold my room. I spent a SLEEPLESS night on a lower floor next to my husband who needed his own bed. How rude. They weren't even apologetic. It was ridiculous. I will never stay here again. Beware: some rooms are very small and outdated and the pool smells like mildew. Seriously. I was basically told because I booked through Hotwire, I wasn't a preferred customer! They don't realize the power of Trip adviser! My recommendation: Save your money! There are several better hotels nearby who appreciate your business and will work with you. It isn't that great of a location, and certainly not worth being treated as if I were pond scum because of using Hotwire (as if people who saved money were stupid). Take my advise: spend your well earned money at King's Motel (1/2 block away) or at the Sheraton or Weston. It was a real bummer staying here! 