A fantastic budget option!

OK, I'm getting tired of the finicky reviews for this place. This is a tourist class hotel, and a good one. It's not a Marriott. Don't expect posh rooms and fawning staff. You won't get it. You WILL get nice, clean, comfortable modern accommodations in a fantastic location. I arrived at about 11 AM, well before checkin. The desk was extremely busy, as it was almost continuously during my stay. There were people checking out as well as in. I knew checkin wasn't until 2:00, so I waited in line, gave them my info, and they gave me tags to leave my bags, which I lugged into the very crammed luggage storage area beside the desk. I asked the clerk when I could check back, and she suggested about 1. So I wandered around and had lunch, came back a little before 1 and they had a nice room ready for me on the 18th floor (the very top) on the end of the hall. One queen or full bed, very modern furnishings including a small table with chairs, and a clean functional bath with a shower. Nice blue shampoo. There was also a fridge and microwave, really useful for buying cheaper soft drinks at the grocery store to keep in your room. I really liked the room's simple, modern design. My room was also very quiet, being so high and on the end, and I never heard any neighbors. You have to use your key in the elevators to access the floors. I found NO attitude from the staff. Everyone was professional and efficient. They made shuttle reservations for me, gave me maps, whatever I asked. One time my key stopped working in the elevators and they gave me a replacement without problem and seemed appropriately concerned. The internet access in the lobby is expensive, AUS$6/hour. You can get it cheaper at the internet cafe a block or two north, just to the west of Hyde Park. There's also a video store between the hotel and Oxford St. that has it. The location is fantastic. After being in Sydney for five days, I was so glad I chose to be here rather than in the CBD where most of the hotels seem to be. There were tons of hotels and fast food on Oxford St. and other places nearby. There's a subway station in Hyde Park, and lots of buses on Oxford and the streets by the Park. I took the train from the subway stop to Bondi Junction, then switched to a bus to go to Bondi Beach. It only took about 30 minutes. I suspect that those who don't like this place expected a different kind of hotel. Most overseas flights arrive Sydney in the morning, and so everyone has to wait for their rooms, as this hotel stays very busy (they were sold out my entire stay). There are a lot of young people and students here, so the whole place has an informal air. I can't explain the thefts someone else reported. If you're worried, they probably have safe deposit boxes. (There are no safes in the room, although the websites say they have this amenity.) I just hid my stuff in secret pockets in my luggage, as I always do.I highly recommend this property. 