Superb location but certainly not the best

I've been to Paris about 15 times and generally stay in the 5th. The area is lively, though extremely touristy. If you are a first time visitor to Paris, the 5th is recommended. That being said, i've stayed at some really good hotels and some really bad ones in the 5th. I'll put the Albe in the 7/10 range, not the best, certainly not the worst.As for my stay at d'Albe, I decided to give it a try because of an amazing deal I got on the web. I paid a discounted rate for 3 nights and got a 4th night free and a free breakfast every morning. If I was paying full rate (or nearly full rate) I would have been disappointed with my room.Location: Smack dab in the middle of the Latin Quarter. This is good and bad. This is good because you can walk or metro or cab to nearly anywhere quickly. This is bad because d'Albe is located on a pedestrian street. Some cab drivers will drop you off at the front of the hotel. Some will not. Thus, you may have to drag your luggage through crowds to get to the hotel.The lobby: The lobby is very modern and fresh looking.The staff: The staff is friendly enough. They made a reservation for us. Though I had a few problems here and there where the staff would take a smoke break and lock the front hotel door. Thus I had to lounge around out front of the hotel and wait for them to get back to open the door again. This generally happened only later at night (11pm-1am)The room: Small like most of Paris hotels that are not outrageously expensive. It had a safe and a flat panel TV. It had a tiny desk. It had a tiny closet. The room also had a small bathroom. We did not have a tub. We only had a shower stall (i'm American so shower stall is aok). The room looked like it was sort of remodeled recently. Maybe fresher carpet but definitely showing age. The lights flickered a lot. It only had one outlet to charge my phone/camera/computer. The bathroom showed a bit of age. The shower was not as clean as I hoped, a bit of mold here and there. The toilet ran unless you gave it a whack. I also could rarely get consistent hot water in the morning, though hot water flowed freely after 3pm. (I checked with others staying and they had similar problems). The air conditioning worked wonderfully. I could make the room freezing.Breakfast: They get danishes and croissants from the bakery next door so it was all fresh. They had coffee, cheese, some hard boiled eggs and ham. For free it was very nice. For pay, you can walk next door and get a fresh hot danish for a euro or two.Overall, I didn't love it. It was very mediocre. For around the same price, there are a lot of hotels in the area that are nicer. If I got a deal again, i'd probably stay. If I had to pay normal rates, i'd choose elsewhere. I don't quite see the fascination on TA about the hotel. 