Truly awful

The Mark Hotel on Meineke Strasse is truly not a 3 star hotel. The hotel is very tired and is in desperate need of a refurb.The staff are surly and not interested in any problems you may have. When we booked the room the description on the website said it came with a separate seating area, despite raising the issue with reception we were basically told this was not so , I guess someone needs to amend the website.The room given to us was on the first floor. Supposedly a non smoking room it came complete with ash tray and matches. The room was not very big and the bed took up the majority of the room. The room was at the back of the hotel and overlooked an overgrown garden with a block of flats looking directly onto the rooms. Although the bed linen was clean there wasn't much going for the room at all. The furniture is dark brown and very old and battered and the sliding wardrobe door seemed to be just about hanging on.As for the bathroom well what can we say. The shower sliding door is barely big enough for a normal sized person to get through. The frame of the shower was also falling to pieces and came off in your hand when you closed the door.The shower had no height adjustment bar and so showering each morning was quite difficult. Also it was difficult to regulate the water and it was either boiling hot or freezing cold. You either had to sit cross legged on the shower floor or stand up and use the shower by hand. The hot tap became very hot and a towel had to be used to turn it off. We complained to management three times but nothing was done. One of the lamps over the sink had blown and despite telling the cleaner it was still not changed. The bathroom had had the tiles painted to give the appearance of a newly refurbished room. Breakfast was hardly worth the effort. There were not enough tables for everyone and some people who couldn't get a table ended up going away. If you came down late most of the food had gone and was not replenished. Coffee was luke warm and not a teabag in sight only various types of Twinings darjeeling. We did notice a room next to reception with more tables and a waitress walking in and out with coffee but no one was told if this room was an extra room for breakfast. In fact the room was used to store suitcases for people checking out of their rooms. It was not locked so anyone could walk in.The main reception area and corridors stink of cigarette smoke as there is a table and chairs positioned along the corridor for smokers.The only good thing we can say it that the hotel is in a very good position just off ku'damm and great for exploring Berlin. 