Would never stay here again

We booked this hotel because of the location (opposite the Jardine des Tuileries and close to the Champs Elysees) and also we had read good reviews on Tripadviser. Big mistake. Whilst the location was fabulous, right opposite the Gardens and only about 15 minutes walk to the start of the Champs Elysees, Arc de Tromphe and the shopping area (Boulevard Haussmann - were all in walking distance)say we would not recommend this hotel to anyone.Upon arrival no one assisted us with our luggage, the desk clerk was surley and the foyer had no atmosphere at all in fact it was a desk to the right of the dining room.The room was neat and tidy but the furniture was old and not in a good way. The bathroom however, had been remodelled and was quite good. The positive was that we had a balcony and could see the Eiffel Tower from our room. Also double glazing of windows made the noise from the traffice non existant.The safe did not work and was repaired once we advised them. We were not shown how to use the air conditioning and subsequently froze on one ocassion until someone came up and told us how to use it.We did not eat at the hotel as the dining room looked very old and tired. The staff were disinterested and to be honest we couldn't wait to get out of there. One other point we bought a 5 euro internet card and then discovered after we had paid our bill that we had been billed for this card when we had paid cash (our mistake for not checking the bill) but just another issues.Tip: Dont go across the road to the Tuileries Gardens for lunch, big rip off in cost, or if you do ensure you say exactly what size coke you want we were charged a ridiculous amount of money for lunch which was inedible, however, the sun was shining and the gardens were great.This is a great spot location wise just don't stay at this hotel, maybe try the Hotel Regina up the road or one of the others. While we were there the Govevenor of California, the Terminator himself was staying a few hotels away - so that made our day seeing him. When I say the Arc de Triomphe, Boulevard Haussman for shopping are within walking distance it means approx 20-30 minutes walking in flat shoes. 