Perfect Paris Getaway!

If you are looking for a hotel with a real Parisian feel, look no further! We booked the Splendid Etoile by the positive reviews on Trip Advisor months ago for our 30th wedding anniversary getaway and it ended up being exactly what we wanted. Our room was #207 and it was perfect. Having a corner room wrap around balcony, with three floor to ceiling french doors - one in the bath and two in the bedroom/sitting area. French furnishings, a crystal chandelier and a large marble bathroom. A flat screen tv too! not that you will be watching much tv but a daily news report in English was nice to keep in touch with the world even while on vacation.This was our first trip to Paris and we wanted a hotel that was quaint, French, accommodating, clean, convenient to the Metro/transportation and near the Champs Elysees for evening walks. The Splendid fit all of our needs. The location was a few blocks from the Champs but was surprisingly quiet even with the french doors opened. The location is near many restaurants, cafes, bars, bakeries, wine shops, etc. Also the CDG/Air France bus stops on the opposite corner so getting to and from the airport is a breeze and less expensive than taking a cab. Buy the round trip ticket for the bus for a good deal. The Metro stop was right outside the door of the hotel and we used only the Metro for getting around the city. We also booked a couple of excursions thru a travel company that picked us up by minivan at the door of the Splendid Etoile as well. Walking to the Champs Elysees a few evenings for dinner and people watching was very nice and a lovely stroll among the neighborhood getting there.The staff--especially Farooq-- was the best. Always greeted us and spoke perfect English, thank goodness, since our French consisted of only a few words and phrases. Farooq was very knowledgable and more than accommodating about any questions we had, going over and above aiding us with helpful hints, good suggestions and general French info. He is by far the best concierge we have ever used! The rest of the staff were also very pleasant and helpful. The room we booked was a superior and very spacious, clean, with a french style decor-- silk wall coverings, draperies, furnishings, and the balcony with a wonderful view of the Arc d' Triomphe!!!! We never had breakfast or dinner at the hotel so we can not comment on the dining experience at the hotel. But right across the street is a nice restaurant  L'Emporieur that had a delicious menu. We never had a bad meal there.........ate a few breakfasts and dinners there. Authentic french fare........duck, chicken with mustard sauce, jambon and fromage sandwiches, omelets, chocolate crescents........And the best steak, potatoes and dessert we had in the city all week was at this little cafe! And that is saying a lot since we didnt have a bad meal all week no matter where we happened to eat.....from the bakeries, street fare, bistros or expensive restaurants......... So you dont have to walk all over the city looking for a good place to dine every night when L'Emporieur is so close by. And the staff there are very nice too! We highly recommend this hotel!!!! 