Stay somewhere else

I travel quite a bit for business, but consider myself to be 'hip and knowledgeable'.People have described this as an 'artsy' hotel, but I would describe it as more alternative than anything. Yes, there are paintings in the room of local and up and coming artists, and each door has its own artist covering of a painting or print. All for supporting local artists, they lose the hospitality aspect of being a hotel. The majority of rooms are SMALL. One bed and a desk, and you have to shimmy by them to get through. The closet is a half closet where clothes hang sideways. There is no place to open an ironing board.Here are some more drawbacks:-It's loud! The walls are paper thin, I heard every word of a conversation in the room beside me. If you have a room on the Stewart side of the street, say goodbye to sleeping.-The gym is the size of a closet, forget about stretching. There are two treadmills, two ellepticals and one bench with free weights. They don't clean the area or supply enough towels.-The restaurant is absolutely ridiculous. There was a group of us for breakfast, we forewarned them to be prepared. I waited 1 hour for my breakfast after ordering it 3 times, dirty silverware, a server who had no idea what was going on.-I called the front desk just to be transferred to another room 3 times, each time I was put on hold after my request and not transferred. Ok so they were busy...but how long does it take to transfer a phone call!??!?-The wireless internet was nearly impossible to use, and the elevators were so slow!-More than once I waited for an elevator only to have it open and see the cleaning staff with their back to the door having a conversation. So that's why I waited for one of the TWO elevators for so long! One of them was on hold due to a social conversation!The good stuff:-comfortable beds and linensSorry but I cannot recommend this to anyone, other than a deaf mute artist who has a need for a personal vibrator kit (it's part of the mini-bar). Oh and they don't need to room service or to work out. 