Save your Holiday

I can begin by saying this trip was for 14 people paid in advance months befor and was a three day two night break.Upon arrival our details for our hotel accomadation had not been forwarded to the hotel so we were not expected, a fair mistake not the hotels fault. We were kept waiting as we were told we might not be able to stay, the hotel at this point was empty so what is the problem. The staff were extreamly rude and persisted in ignoring everything we asked untill we gave up and went to our rooms.First nightOn getting changed i went downstairs to meet the other people in our party. I went up to the bar / front desk were a german man sat doing some paperwork, pollightly asked for a drink only to be screamed at that he was trying to work (got no drink and went back to speak to my party). We left the hotel and went around berlin, on returning the security gaurd was so rude and in our faces that we were all left speachless.MorningMe and some ofthers make our way to the bar / front desk again this german man resides working. We ask again for a drink (which we are paying a lot of money for, and being a large group i mean a lot of money) only for him to stand up lean over the counter and scream the bar is closed and he doesn't have time for us. At this point i respond that we paid to be here and it is his job to serve us. We got our drinks and our change was thrown on the counter, my friend left picking it up off the floor.Second nightWe arrive in the lobby (by the stairs the lift was broke) to find a film crew shooting for the hotel and were told we could not leave or speak. We could not get a drink and had to wait 30 minutes to get out as the back door was locked to stop people wandering in during the filming. At arrival back to the hotel the doors were locked so we pressed the buzzer only to be confronted by the security gaurd screaming abuse in german because he didn't understand we were guests. not even an appologyAt this point without rambling on you can all see the pattern, this hotel has the worst customer service of any i have ever been to. The rest of the trip was good but how this filthy hotel was given 3 stars is beyond reason for all FOURTEEN people who stayed. Most hotels in europe if not all would see fourteen people as a goldmine. I must emphasize at this point that at no time was any member of our group rude or obnoxious back to these people, we found the experiance amusing at bestA LIST OF THINGS NOT TO DO AT THIS HOTEL (LOL)Don't ask for a drink Don't ask for changeDon't ask for directionsTry not to go back when security is onDon't ask is there anything else for breackfast when you are presented with what they give you (very poor).Enough!!!  My review ends with me honestly trying to help my fellow freinds on TA. Under no cecumstances stop here, the place is terrible and in my oppinion a hostel would be better than wasting your money on a somewhat dodgy three stars. 