Horrific. Parc 55 used to be great, not anymore...

Stayed at the Parc55 because it *used* to be a good hotel, back when I lived in SF, and I had had good experiences there. Got a discounted rate through their web site, so I switched to there instead of at a host hotel for the convention I was attending. What a mistake! They nickel-and-dime you to DEATH, and by the time we were through paying dribs and drabs for things, it was more expensive than the other hotel anyway. Don't get me started on the $40 Valet charge -- better hotels in San Fran have $25 or 30 or so. We, also, parked at the 5th and Mission garage after check-in, which is a couple blocks away, a STEAL at $16/day maximum, and was more convenient to our convention anyhow.Complimentary breakfast for concierge-level rooms was NOT worth it. No hot food, and the lunch meats they did have, looked scary and gross. (A Hampton Inn breakfast is a Lucullan feast next to this place.) Wireless charge was ASTRONOMICAL. Again, why free at the Hampton Inns, properties that are a fraction of the cost? I *like* staying at luxury hotels, but this is senseless. The neighborhood of the hotel is dicey at best, loud, noisy, and full of bums. You have to run a large gauntlet of panhandlers, con artists and questionable vendors just to get to the BART station and cable cars on the next block. Worst of the Parc55 offenses by far however: We had returned the last night of our stay with a to-go box, but realized we didn't get utensils. We rang housekeeping and asked for knives and forks, they said fine. When they came up, they presented a BILL, for $4 for each utensil, AND tax (!!!) on the bill, AND the 18% room service delivery charge!!!! I am not kidding! Over $10 to get a knife and fork! THAT WAS IT! I had a lot to say the next morning at check out -- they removed the tax and the delivery charge, but NOT the charges for the utensils!!! CRAZY! We should have just gone to the Walgreen's down the street or even the 24-hour Carls Jr on the next block... Parc55, never again! I felt bad because I *cheated* on my mainstay Hotel Vitale, and that is a mistake which will not be repeated, I assure you! 