Reasonable Hotel

My wife and I stayed here for 2 nights in December 2007 while hosting some overseas clients. In the past we typically take such clients to the Intercontinental or Marriot, both near Circular Quay, and on this occasion decided to try the Amora, being a 5 star rated hotel in a similar vicinity.Arriving at the hotel in our car, the Valet service was prompt, friendly and efficient. Check in was also quick, as we had to check in both for our room and for a conference room (Jamieson Club Boardroom) that we had booked for the afternoon, which was on the 31st floor.Room: The room was very comfortable, the bathroom including both a bath and a shower. The room was very clean, no signs of dust. As mentioned in previous reviews, the television was in a very strange location (in a cupboard at 90 degrees to the bed), and was and old CRT style unit.Conference Room: The conference room for 8 people (AU$550 for 6 hours) was a letdown. On the 31st floor, it had views of the adjacent buildings and a few glimpses of the water. The decor was dated, as was the furniture, which was looking tired. During the afternoon a number of flies were buzzing around the room, and I called reception to get them to send up some fly spray. I was advised that an engineer would be sent up immediately. 3 hours later when we left the boardroom for the day, nothing had been sent up. I complained to the reception staff who apoligised, I know this is not their fault however it represented a poor system for dealing with small issues at the hotel.Location: The location is good, but not 'prime' like many of the other hotels in the area. Several of the taxi drivers we used during the stay did not know where it was located, and we had to give directions. The walk to Circular Quay is short, but the hotel does not stand out as a 'landmark' like several of the others in the area.Dining: We dined out both nights, at Doyles at Circular Quay on Sat night and at Sydney Tower on Sunday night. We ordered lunch through room service to the board room during our meeting and it was prompt and delicious.Concierge: The booking at Doyles and a booking for a harbour cruise were handled efficiently through the concierge. On the last day I left my luggage with the concierge and it was also managed efficiently.Price: We paid AU$230 for the Saturday night and AU$205 for the Sunday night, so both nights represented a saving of between AU$60 and AU$100 compared to several nearby 5 star hotels. Valet parking at AU$45 per night was steep compared to others we have stayed at.Lobby / Lifts etc: The lobby was beautifully presented. To use the lifts, each person has to use their key to activate their floor. When the lifts are busy this is an unwanted imposition, as there is only one card reader in each lift, and they did not operate repeatably (with 10 people in the lift all trying 2-3 times to swipe their cards, this is a long process). We stayed in room 911, and when the lifts were busy often I had passed this floor before being able to access the reader and get it to work, which was an inconvenience. I have stayed in other hotels with similar systems but there have always been multiple readers and they have worked flawlessly.Overall impression: The hotel tries hard to be 5 star but seemed a bit rough around the edges compared to the Intercontinental and the Marriot, but then again comes at a lower price. For important overseas clients, I would book them in at these other hotels in future before the Amora. I felt it was good value, and if it was just my wife and I travelling, I would stay here again. 