Birthday trip from heaven

I took my boyfriend to Paris as a birthday surprise mid march 2007 and booked the Magda due to the great reviews I'd seen on here. WhenI called I mentioned that it was a special occasion and was overjoyedwhen we checked in to find we had been upgraded free of charge to thebest suite in the hotel.Our time in Paris would have not been half as amazing had it not beenfor the marvellous service we received in the hotel. Johan was beyondhelpful and got us a table in a wonderful restaurant overlooking the Seineand Eiffel Tower, when we stepped out of the taxi Johan had called for us we were beneath the Eiffel Tower that was sparkling with lights and lasers, it truly took our breath away and we would never have known to go here or been able to get a table ourselves. Johan offered to get tickets for a show but we didn't have long in Paris and they were quite expensive so we decided to leave it for another time.The room was clean, spacious and comfortable. This isn't a super trendy stylish hotel but it's was perfect for our intimate weekend away. Breakfast was lovely,not a bacon and eggs type affair but most importantly for me good quality coffee served in nice pots and a selection of cheeses, pastries, cereal and dried fruit/yogurt. We only ate breakfast in the hotel but when we came home from our meal we had cocktails in the bar with snacks and talked to the lovely night concierge who made our drinks and was really friendly and interesting. Much to our embarassment and inspite of the fact I studied French til A-Level and was once quite good at it we were beyond appauling when it came to speaking French, thankfully we were put to shame by the impeccable English spoken by Johan and his colleague on the night shift and pretty much every person we came into contact with. Nobody lived up to the snooty Parisian stereotype we were so hoping not to encounter on our first venture over the Channel.The hotel is a 2 minute walk from the Arc de Triomphe and we found the location to be ideal for getting to pretty much everywhere by foot, we only needed transport to and from the airport and for me in my stilettos on our big night out, other than that we walked everywhere.Our return flight was not until late in the evening and we were able to leave our luggage safe all day whilst we saw more of Paris which was a weight off our minds and shoulders.We both agreed that the service we received was without a doubt the best, and most personalised service we have ever received in a hotel.Without Johan's advice and help we could have ended up having a very different experience so we really do owe the success of our trip to him as he made my partner's birthday such a memorable one in many ways. Highly recommended!!! 