Consistent but Overrated

I decided to try this on a recent combo trip up to Seattle for business and to see friends. Since it was &quot;highly&quot; rated by TripAdvisor Contributors I decided to give it a go. I have to say I was a &quot;little disappointed&quot; from what I was expecting for a Grand Hyatt (their flagship property). By no means is this a &quot;bad choice&quot; so don't get me wrong, it really just depends on your likes and dislikes. Here is a summary of my experience and my opinion on this property: Location - I give it a 50/50. Yes, you are semi-in the heart of downtown Seattle (but on the edge, close to the freeway). You are near shopping, businesses and the convention center BUT you are also close to the freeway so many of the rooms have &quot;freeway view&quot;. My room/suite actually had a combo-freeway/water view (peek-a-boo on the water side)... Ihonestly expected more water and less freeway for what I was paying. Now, you don't really hear the freeway too much but you do get to look at it depending on where your room is. For a comparable price, there are several hotels in the area with much better views that are much closer to the water and sites. Charm? There is not much &quot;charm&quot; to this hotel but I don't know that is the objective either. It's fairly corporate with clean lines but so many properties in downtown Seattle have special touches like wine tasting in the lobby, fireplaces in room, etc. where they really make it feel special (think the Monaco, or Mayflower or Vintage Park, etc.). Food - Well yes there is a Ruth Chris on property but while that is a nice high end place, it's a chain. Give me something with true &quot;Seattle&quot; personality. Seattle is such a &quot;foodie&quot; town, I can go to Ruth Chris in any major city in the U.S. Rooms - The best part is the bathroom in my opinion hand's down. Spacious, modern, clean, etc. Sure that's great, but how much are you really in there? The bedrooms while fairly standard for Hyatt and most the chains these days (comfortable beds, flatscreens, etc.) the furniture was a little worn. Some of my furniture had lots of nicks and scrapes. Additionally the attractive leather chair at the desk was not adjustable nor that comfortbale so I could not really utilize the desk in comfort as I could with an ergonomic chair many hotels provide these days. The bedroom portion of the room itself reminded me a bit of the size you find in NYC at a &quot;W&quot; or something similar. There is not much area between the bed and wall/dressers so if two of you are trying to pass to get to the door or bath at the same time, it will be tight. Realistically that is not untypical for an urban hotel but in many of the Seattle downtown properties, they appear to be a bit more generous in the size of the bedroom itself (in this case, a decent amount of square footage goes to the bathroom). Perhaps it was just the layout or usage of the square footage but I was not that excited about it. Gym - Well I am always fairly happy with the Hyatt facilities for their gym and one of the reasons I come back. Maintaining a workout on the road is important to me and they are always well equipped, clean and spacious and are more like a real &quot;gym&quot; than just a small &quot;fitness room&quot; that many properties offer. All that being said, I probably won't come back to this particular Hyatt. I think Seattle has a lot more &quot;interesting&quot; properties in this price range and location with special touches you just don't get at the larger corporate chains. Ahhh....consistent but boring. 