God-awful

This tale of woe is in regard to a one night stay on July 15.In the mood for an in-town get-away, I decided to surprise the Sig Other with a surprise night in a W Hotel suite. Upon checking room availability online, I saw no suites were available, so I called the hotel and learned that all their suites were being renovated. Fair enough, so i decided to reserve a corner room on a high floor.I arrived at the hotel 30 minutes after check-in time to process the check-in and get my room keys so that later I could return with the SO and go right to the room. Upon arrival, I was met with huge lines at the check-in desk...it took me 20 minutes to get to the front desk. Now that it was nearly 4:00pm, and having waited in the very slow line, I was stunned to learn my room was not yet ready. I had to be home within an hour to meet my SO and still had to secretly pack a bag with extra toothbrushes, PJs, etc. I was told they would work as hard as they could to get me a room quickly. In the meantime, I decided to arrange for a bottle of Champagne to be in my room upon arrival. I was ushered to the Conceirge, who basically could not have been less interested. When I asked her if she was certain they could have the bottle on ice in the room at 5:30pm, she looked at me as if I were from outer space. I should have known this was only a hint of things to come...Well, I was driving home to frantically pack, and then drive back to do the room key, then drive home to meet my SO -- yeah, I really like him so I go to this kind of trouble LOL -- when the guy at the desk called and said the room was ready. So I threw a few things in a bag and drove back downtown to get the key.Surprise! Another epic line. And people were yelling at the desk clerks and general mayhem was ensuing. Apparently, there was only ONE single bellhop for the entire hotel on a busy Saturday. Genius. Well, while waiting in line I told several people about tripadvisor.com so hopefully they will post here, too.I got to the desk, got my keys, and was running back out the door and said, You won't forget the Champagne, right? And they all smiled and said it was all set.One hour later, I arrived and told the SO that some friends had invited us up to their room for a pre-dinner drink. I entered room 2120 to find...no Champagne. I called downstairs in a wee bit of a rage and was told We knocked on the door but no one answered so we didn't want to come in and disturb anyone. I replied that no one had answered the door, because I wasn't in the room and since there was no Do Not Disturb sign on the door and since I had requested the bottle be waiting for my arrival, I was dismayed, mystified and peeved that they had blown the one most important element of the surprise overnight. Completely unacceptable at any price, but at $300+ it was ridiculous!They said they would have the bottle right up there and I said they were welcome to send it up if they would give me a break on the price, otherwise, forget it. She said she would do what she could.Which was, in a word, nothing. The bottle was delivered with a full price bill. I was insulted. I told the man that I was refusing the bottle and to take it back (it was unopened). He mumbled something and left the room without removing the bottle! I had to call down and ask for the bottle to be collected which it was.We ended up drinking the half-bottle from the mini-bar. After taking showers, we discovered there was only one bathrobe. I called down for one, and it was delivered quickly (albeit on a wire hanger...all the hangers in the closet were wood, so this looked tacky.)The room is nice, in fine shape, and the view was spectacular. I can say that much.At check-out the next day, the clerk was very apologetic and comped the half-bottle of Champagne when I told her of how completely unpleasant the experience had been.The W is very much form over function. I guess Seattle still doesn't have an interesting, cutting edge, non-dowdy, non-business-drone hotel. I would never return to the W and plan to share this opinion with my friends and fellow frequent business travelers. 