Not good value

We have just returned from three days at the Disneyland Hotel. I had read the reviews on Trip Advisor and decided to stay based on their recommendations.However we were very disappointed in a number of ways. We paid around 拢400 per night for our whole family (three young children), bed and breakfast - maybe it sounds like good value to some, but this was for one room. There were no tea or coffee making facilities in the room, so you have to go downstairs for a very expensive cup of coffee, or order from room service again, even more expensive.There is no mini bar fridge in the room, so if you want to keep a baby's bottle chilled, or cool mineral water etc, you cannot. Both of these measures seem designed to ensure that guests have to buy everything from the hotel. The hotel shop doesn't sell anything useful for a family such as mineral water or snacks for the park - again ensuring that all money goes to the hotel or park's restaurants. The hotel restaurants are fine but budget for an extra 60 euros a head for dinner (less for children) meaning each time we ate there cost around 200 euros. Over three days you should budget for around an extra 1000 euros just for basic food and drink. So 拢2000 for one room plus five meals at the hotel (restaurants in the park aren't much cheaper) we left astonished at how quickly the costs mount up. We also felt manipulated by Disneyland - every shop sells Disneyland products only. The nearest pharmacy is a train ride away - beware.As we left we found a small supermarket in the railway station next to the hotel - the staff at the hotel won't tell you about this as it might mean you dare to buy a few things at normal prices, such as nappies, or bottled water or small snacks for the children.Although our children enjoyed Disneyland we felt used, abused and thoroughly fleeced by the hotel and the park. Other people we spoke to said the same thing. Think hard before booking this hotel - the room rate might seem ok, but all the extras quickly mount up in this Disneyland monopoly.Having said all this, the staff were very friendly even when it was terribly busy and they deserve a thank you. 