Excellent Hotel with Brilliant Views of Barcelona

We (my fiance and I) stayed at Hotel Torre Catalunya for three nights/four days and had a wonderful time from the moment we arrived until the moment we left. Every aspect of the hotel and service was 1st class and I wouldn not hesitate to stay here again.Checking in was efficient and straight forward, no problems in this area. We were apparantly allocated a room on the 5th floor (I suppose they say this to everyone lol) and were asked if we would like to upgrade to a higher floor for an extra 10 euros per night. We were offered a room on the 19th floor, we upgraded. The views we had over the city were worth every euro! The room was excellent, spacious, modern and very well kept as was the bathroom. The bathroom had a huge bath, seperate toilet area, twin marble sink and a brilliant power shower in a large marble enclosure. Loved the shower! The bed was kingsize whilst the room had the extra's you would associate with a 4* hotel. Mini bar (very reasonable prices), complimentary drinks, in room safe (six digit coded), tv, phone and so on. No complaints at all with the room or any aspect to do with the hotel.We stayed on a bed and breakfast basis. The foods available for breakfast were varied and well presented on the 23rd floor which provide super views over Barcelona.There is a lounge bar on the ground floor that provides you with the 1st drink of your stay free, a nice touch. Food is also available, which was of a good quality.On the lower floor there is a spa area with additional beauty treatments including massages if you desire. Obviously, these are for an additional fee.The hotel is a little way of La Rambla and other tourist attractions but believe me this is not a problem when you have a public travel set up as good as Barcelona. Sants station is right next door, metro stops are plentiful, buses are available, taxi's are cheap and last but not least the fantastic BUS TOURISTICO! We paid for a two day ticket that cost 22 euro's each. If you want to get around the sights, use the bus touristico it's great. If you fancy a stroll, you can be at La Rambla in 30 minutes.A final point about Barcelona, football lovers get yourself to the Camp Nou and do the stadium and museum tour and if you can get to a match. Fantastic.Tourists, do not miss the Sagrada Familia! Exceptional! Pay your eight or so euros to gain entry and help fund the building of this great Gaudi cathedral.There is so much to do in this multicultural city, it's great and we will be back and will have Hotel Torre Catalunya as our base. 