Great views but stuffy staff

This hotel is not a 5 star hotel ! The prices are but the rooms and amenities are not. Some people may not split hairs but I would rate this a good 4 star hotel. Its not refined enough for a 5 star hotel in my own humble opinion. Check in was great and easy and the rooms were modern and bright with plenty of wood, sliding doors and mirrors. LCD TV but no music at all unless you pay for it. The whirlpool bath worked though not grand enough to be a feature. The mini bar was well stocked but the prices !! don't go there.Carefull in the bar, the prices are not cheap, perhaps to be expected in a 5 star hotel. Three single malts in the bar cost me 66 Euros ! more that the price of the bottle, yes I expect a large mark up in any hotel but come on.The views were great but you are are bang smack in the middle of a working and busy port, I imagine its noisy in the summer with windows open but when we were there it was a gentle hum in the background. Quite pleasant I thought and would not stop me going again.The staff walk about in dark suits and ear pieces, you think you have just walked into a security guard conference or an american presidential stop over. They are very formal, too formal in fact, someone ought to teach them how to smile and relax and be natural when dealing with their customers rather than impersonate someone with a serious case of piles.Breakfasts were great, they couldn't be faulted but in all honesty a 5 minute walk up La Ramblas takes you to the most amazing food market with about 3 superb tapas bars, their breakfasts whilst not as elegant will be fresher, tastier and a more authentic taste of Barcelona that anything a five star hotel could offer. But then I suppose most people staying in this hotel would probably find a 5 minute walk too much of an inconvenience to get breakfast.Room service was really quite good, polite and fast with a great selection.Checkout was a nightmare, there was internet access on the bill we didn't use, and before they would allow us to settle up the bill they had a member of staff check our departed room for a tapas book from the bar that we had borrowed the previous evening. Rather than take it back we left it in the room, not a big deal but I think they thought we were going to steal it, but they wouldn't say as much. Of course it was in the room but I'm well presented with good clothes a good watch and the right age to not be viewed with suspicion by staff at check out time.Would I stay there again? No probably not, not really because of any of the bad points mentioned, there were enough good to balance them all out, but in my mind I've stayed in far better places and life is to short to revisit a place in which your senses were not set alight. 