An exceptional facility, value and hosts

Before traveling through Europe using Rick Steves' travel guides and philosophy where he promotes staying near the center of urban areas, we assiduously avoided these locations as overpriced, ill kept, and unsafe. We nearly let our past beliefs dictate where we would locate when we visited San Francisco. To our delight we found the Castle Inn to be a great value, fantastic location, fastidiously maintained and providing a secure parking area for our car--all inclusive in the price of the room. Our room looked recently redecorated and contained a refrigerator, coffee maker, microwave, a king size bed with an excellent mattress, and a table and chairs that offered an inviting place to read or update our travel log.Our hosts, Marshall  Arlene, were exceptional. They made us feel like valued friends. They provided us with maps, a suggested itinerary of things to see during our stay, and a detailed sheet of the various modes of public transportation listing the stops and fares. They made reservations for us for the tours we wanted to take and even found discount coupons for us in various travel guides. When we asked for advice on places to eat, they offered a compendium of choices depending on our ethnic choices--all within walking distances of the Castle Inn. The continental breakfasts they served were fresh, tasty, pleasantly presented and replenished right up to the end of the serving hours. Because of Marshall  Arlene's attentiveness and attention to detail and the needs of their guests, we assumed that they were the owners of the property rather than employees of the facility. I would suggest to the owners that they have a rare find in these two people. They should also be on the payroll of the Chamber of Commerce; they exude a love and enthusiasm for San Francisco that is infectious to anyone entering the motel to inquire of a vacancy.Thanks for making our stay so memorable. With your help we, too, left our hearts in San Francisco! 