Very disappointing - nothing like as expected

I have just returned from an 8 day stay at this hotel and now wish that I had taken more notice of the less flattering reviews. It was definitely unlike most of the reviews that I read and detracted from an otherwise excellent stay in the wonderful city of Sydney. It may claim to be a boutique hotel but my own experience suggested otherwise. The hotel was dated, the room unsatisfactory; dark and the furniture both old (but not charming) and basic. The lighting was poor, the table-side lamps being the only source of lighting in the room. The room was also very cold. The bathroom was similarly dark and poorly lit.Both the floor and walls were made of cement, unpainted and grubby, with just the minimal amount of (old) carpet covering. There was also dust behind the bed.Furniture wise, there was neither a wardrobe nor a chest of drawers to keep your clothing. Instead, there was an old metal frame to hang your clothes and hardly any hangers. Due to the lack of furniture, there was nowhere to hide your cases either, so these had to be put on the floor and subsequently take up valuable space in a cramped room.There was also a lack of electrical sockets and mystifyingly, the mirror in the bedroom was not near one! The acclaimed courtyard was no such thing. It was just a high wall, three feet of space and a pot plant! The high wall also blocked the natural light!Regarding the amenities, on one evening, the hotel reception area was booked for a private function, so incredibly we were unable to use the facilities at all. On a final note, other reviews suggest that the manager is ultra-friendly and helpful and nothing is too much for guests. Although absent for my entire holiday bar the final morning, upon checking out, he did not enquire whether my stay had been acceptable or enjoyable. He appeared uninterested.The young man working there during our stay was however as helpful as possible and the one plus of my stay.This hotel was disappointing and in my opinion is in need of a complete makeover and was not worth the money. It is definitely not as expected or advertised and I would not stay there again nor recommend it to others, unless you are back-packing and don't care about your surroundings! Simply awful! 