A right doesn't make up for a wrong

Long before our arrival at St. Francis for our holiday weekend stay, I had made reservations at their Oak Room for Thanksgiving dinner. Considering the upscale price of the dinner we were anticipating a first class experience.What we encountered was no class at all. The hostess who greeted us in the doorway offered us a seating arrangement with two tables that didn't match in height and was crowded up to the buffet selection area. We looked around and there were ample unoccupied tables of the same height that could have been placed together. We told her our name and number of guests for the reservation but there was no check list that she looked at from what I could observe. She called for the manager to see if another table would be ready. Instead of suggesting that we sit at the bar and wait for an acceptable table we were given argument that the makeshift table was our only choice. We have had dinners many places where the waitstaff had no idea they would be serving a party of 5-6 and they gladly pushed tables together and fixed the place settings for us.  In this case it was an advance reservation for a party of five. We had even stopped by an hour early to ask if the dinner included complimentary wine ( which it did not) and told the hostess we would be back by our reservation time. We should have realized when she didn't even check off our name that it was not as selective a place to dine as we thought it would be. The discussion with the manager escalated to the point where instead of accommodating us he refused to seat us and called hotel security. I guess we were holding up a line of 3 couples and that was the maneuver to get us out of the way. A representative from the hotel said that the Westin cannot control the management of the restaurants they allow in their building but they were willing to credit our rooms for one night and suggested a restaurant that offered similar fare for the inconvenience we were experiencing.We provided our own transportation to a nearby hotel restaurant, Fournou's Oven at the Stanford Court , and it was a $470 night that the Oak Room could have earned besides denying their waitstaff a generous gratuity. As for the Westin itself, I agree with comments made in other reviews. It has a magnificent lobby and friendly bellhops but the housekeeping leaves much to be desired.Our sons' room had robes but ours did not. Our shower curtain had questionable matter on it; a burned out lightbulb was never replaced , the bulb was set out for the maid to see and replace ;wet carpeting had pieces of glass on it and a hand towel had traces of blood which indicated that someone broke a glass, was cut, and it did not get cleaned up thoroughly before we checked in. An empty water bottle was found under the edge of the bed 3 days into our stay and the coup de grace was the wine glasses.The clean glasses were actually speckled with chunks of debris.Even with the windows closed , sirens could be heard throughout the night - I thought I was in NYC with all the police/ambulance activity that we heard.The bed was indeed heavenly but the early housekeeping activity did not allow for late morning indulging. The heating system was not very quiet either.The bathroom amenities did not include a disposable showercap, mouthwash, q-tips, shoe mitt,or cotton balls like we are used to receiving at other hotels such as the Hilton, Marriott, Hyatt and SwissHotel. In conclusion I think if a guest is a Starwood elite member then it should mean something to the hotel and they should book us accordingly. Unfortunately it is human nature to remember the bad and overlook the good. The manager of the Oak Room whose name I am not allowed to mention in this review spoiled an otherwise nice time in the city. 