Newport Bay Club at Disneyland Paris is Awful!

Attended a conference at Disneyland Paris and was booked into the Newport Bay Club (one of 5 Disney hotels on site). This hotel was not up to par with the Disney standards in the USA. Hotel is 40 mins from the outskirts of Paris by train. Disney built out in the middle of nowhere so you are a captive when there. All hotels had two restaurants; one a buffet (all meals) and one a sit down meal (except for buffet breakfast). Each meal was extremely expensive - moderate dinner was $100-150 USD for 2 adults, with only one glass of wine each. Breakfast buffet was $30 USD for adults. The rooms were ok, spacious for Paris/France standards but were threadbare looking. A nautical look but the bedspread was dirty, asked for another but for 5 days it never appeared. Had a small balcony attached but looked upon the back of the hotel and it was covered with mold and peeling paint, didn't use it. Chairs in rooms were paint chipped badly, one small table had cigararette burns in it although it is supposed to be a non smoking facility! Rug was okay but needed better vacuuming. Bathroom was dirty when we arrived put down the bath matt and lots of dark hair swooped up around it - we're blondes! Back of the bathroom door was black with many fingerprints on it. Even with the Do Not Disturb sign on door the staff came in and did the room up even when we specifically asked the peole cleaning and the hotel management to respect our sign. Management was basically nodding yes to any questions or comments but nothing was ever fixed or changed while there. Got totally wrong directions and information regarding the hotel and surrounding area from front desk people. They think it is better to answer the question wrong then not to answer it at all. About 500 people at this conference remarked about how poorly the hotel was run and were frustrated by the management. Trash barrels surrounding the hotel stayed overflowing for days. The outdoor pool was being renovated, we had 90 degree days, massage was not able to be arranged on less than four hours notice, even then it was not available as they outsource this service. General area needed paint, cleaning and sweeping. The tram to take you to the Disney Village with shops and restaurants was $5 or you could walk. I am handicapped and a long walk can be difficult, $5 everytime you wanted to go to another location was terrible. Buses ran from the front of the hotel on a uneven every half hour schedule. Couldn't depend on timing at all. Free, but usually large crowds meant waiting for more than one bus sometimes three. A real time waster! Rooms had mini bar that charged if you moved anything - could not store anything in it. I asked for a hot pot $8 USD but I kept it for 3 days to make tea so I could take medication as needed. I do not recommend this hotel. It is not worth the money or the frustration approx. $300USD per night. I would not go there unless it is a conference that pays for the hotel and the meals. Our meals and transportation was on us and it was very expensive. Not an easy commute to Paris. Bus to train station often takes a lot of tiime 1/2 to 1 hour generally, train to central Paris is about 50-60 mins. A 3 to 4 hour commute in and back to Paris can seriously take too much time away from your day. Can't go in at night after the conference as train service stops before you can get back. Should stay in Paris and commute to conference if you have to go there. Bottom line DONT GO! 