Huge Disappointment

We booked this hotel based on all the positive reviews on tripadvisor. Boy, were we disappointed! It was completely NOT worth the 300 Euro we paid per night. The front desk staff were RUDE and deceiving. We had booked a room with a double bed. But the room we were given had two twin beds and were extremely small. When we requested to change to a room with one bed, the front desk staff replied that they could change our bed to one bed instead of moving us. We were happy but we returned in the night only to find that they had not changed our bed to one bed but instead had used one sheet instead of two. We felt cheated. When we talked to them again, they said we either deal with the two twin beds or we had to move to a room in the back facing the courtyard. Our room had PAPER THIN WALLS. It was very noisy. We could hear conversations from neighboring rooms and people walking around and opening and closing doors. In the morning we would hear loud noises coming from elevator and kitchen. The door to our room had no dead bolt or chain link. One time the MAID WALKED IN ON US while we were sleeping. The bathroom was extremely small. The bathroom sink drained poorly. The shower water pressure would change depending on usage in other rooms so the WATER TEMPERATURE COULD CHANGE FROM VERY HOT TO VERY COLD as we were showering. The hair dryer handle would get so hot that I needed to wrap it with a towel in order to continue using it. The AC IN OUR ROOM DID NOT WORK AT ALL. One night when we got back to the hotel, the hotel staff were trying to pry open the ELEVATOR DOOR WHICH GOT STUCK WITH PEOPLE INSIDE !!!Did I mention we were charged 6.40 Euros for a short local phone call to reserve a boat tour. Also one time while we were returning to our room, we saw ONE GUY PEEING RIGHT OUTSIDE THE HOTEL in public. The bad for this hotel far outweigh the plus. Please do youself a favor and refrain from booking this hotel. We made the mistake and would hate to see other people from making the same mistake. There are far superior hotels in Paris for far less money. If we could do it again we would go for some place such as Latin quarters with breakfast and transportation to/from airport included. 