Wonderful Hotel

We recently returned from a 3 night stay at Banks Mansion. I couldn'tfault a thing.We arrived a bit early, and our room wasn't quite ready. The staff atthe front desk were friendly, helpful and capable. We were invited tosit in the lobby and enjoy a snack and drink while waiting. Within 10minutes we were invited upstairs.Our third floor room overlooked the canal. The room was immaculate, and the amenities were wonderful (bathrobes, slippers, room safe, fresh fruit, free mini-bar, decanters of gin  whiskey  congnac). The bed was great, and the hotel is remarkably quiet. The bathroom was fine (shower but no bathtub). All in all, an exceptionally comfortable room.The breakfast room is on the lower level of the hotel. The breakfastbuffet was comprehensive, and could be supplemented by made-to-order eggs, pancakes, omelets, or French toast. I had a wonderful omelet one morning. Again, the service was great.Free drinks of all sorts were always available in the lobby. This included wines, beers, sodas, and even liquers. The hotel is very well located to allow walking to all the major sites in Amsterdam. We never felt the need to take a tram. It was wonderful to be able to stop in the midst of sightseeing for a cold drink and a snack. The staff at the desk provided a very good street map, and were unfailingly polite when we needed replacements, having twice lost ours.The lobby has 2 internet workstations, which I had no trouble accessing whenver I needed. It's a great help to check in and print boarding passes before going to the airport. The hotel will arrange a shuttle to the airport for 24 euros, which worked out well for us--we turned out to be the only 2 passengers, so it was like having our own taxi but cheaper.Do yourself a favor and have an Indonesian dinner at Tempo Doeloe, Utrechtestraat 75. Try a rice platter which includes portions of 18 different dishes. It was among the best meals I have ever had. We've been back in CT for a week and I wish I was in Amsterdam! 