One of the worst hotels ever

We stayed at the Hilton for one night on 22 August 2008.We have booked a prepaid rate at 275 Euro for a King Size Bed. And the drama began. After receiving the credit card statement, we were surprised to find out that they have not only charged the credit card with the prepaid rate of 275 Euro, but also with an additional 1,600 Euro. To make a long story short, it took us more than a week to get Hilton to transfer the money back ! We have never received a word of apology !!!Upon arriving there, staff were friendly as hell. It took ages to check in and my wife had to participate in an urgent conference call. When answering the guy at the reception if there is a quite area in the hotel to take this call, he replied No.. So he got us the keys to the room, my wife rushed upstairs and I have spoken to the Guest Relation Manager about the credit card charge. Finally someone apologiesed and promised us to send some champagne for the inconvience (unfortunately, it has never arrived). In the meantime, I got a phone call from my wife that the keys don't work. So she ran back downstairs and the receptionist thought he might have to give us a lessen in how to use the keys first before putting the code back on. Of course, he forgot it in the first time. While my wife was doing the phone call, I thought about buying some water in a supermarket. So I asked the porter outside the hotel and he simply returned: I don't give directions. So I had to go back inside ask someone at the reception for a supermarket and was told, that they don't know whether there is a supermarket around the area. So I went back outside and it was pouring. So I thought I could take a Hilton umbrella. The porter refused to give me one.Coming to the room. It was very small, the sheets and the towels smelled as if someone has smoked with it (although it was a non-smoking room). The room was facing an office building and you were able to see the screens of the guys working there, which gives you really a nice feeling of privacy for your room. In addition, a church is somewhere close to the hotel and the church bell rings every hour. Furthermore, the air condition was making some burbing sound during our entire stay.The bathroom is as tiny as the room and you can see some stains and mould here and there. The shower is really uncomfortable.Anyhow, having experience in several hotels of this class in various cities around the world, this hotel is maximum a two star hotel and the employees should really get a training in how to deal with guests. 