Westin St. Francis -- Not a Great Westin Experience

I was thrilled to be going on this trip to San Francisco with my husband as it was our first visit to the Bay area. I picked the Westin St. Francis because it looked rather nice and besides, with a Westin, how could you go wrong --- Not. We checked around 8:30 pm and Check in was the high point of our stay, it was swift and efficient. We were on the 29th Floor of the new tower and thought we would be spared the noise from a make shift music festival on the corner of Geary and Powell. No such luck. I had requested a refrigerator before we arrived because I knew we'd be checking in late, and was told by the Express Service Manager, that she had taken the liberty to arrange that service for me. I asked the front desk and was told that it would be there. It wasn't, and arrived only after I called 4 times. Finally at 11:30 pm, when I said, that I would like to go to sleep, they brought my refrigerator. They tell you that the cable car stops right at the door, what they don't tell you is that you won't get on the cable car unless you walk down to the turnaround on Market St, and only after you walk down Powell St., where every panhandler of San Francisco waits for a handout.We were supposed to have a city and bay view room. This was not the case, saw the city, but not the bay. Housekeeping in the hotel was okay, but there were days that my husband had to find the area where they threw out (or were supposed to) throw out the trash because ours wasn't picked up. I was taking a shower and went to turn the water off and the handle came off in my hand. This is hardly what you consider you'll be doing after paying $500 a night for this hotel.Twice the concierge gave me incorrect information on where to wait for a tour and then for the return shuttle to the airport.If you stay here, check your bill before you leave. I was there for 4 nights, and charged for 6 days of internet service (double charged on two of the days) as though they didn't make enough revenue on my room.Would I stay here again-- not in a million years and the management has heard from me via snail mail. This hotel does not live up to the standards of a Westin. They need to send the management to the Westin Moana Surfrider in Honolulu to learn the fine art of being a Westin property. 