Not a prize-winning hotel...

This was my second stay at the Hotel Pulitzer. I mainly chose the property for it's location (I used to live in the neighborhood and absolutely love the area). Unfortunately, my recent trip to Amsterdam followed two stays at true five-star hotels.5 Issues:1. It's overpriced and they charge you for everything. When you request a canal view room, be aware that even if it is available and the hotel is not full, they will still charge you for the view and not even consider a courtesy upgrade.2. The front-desk staff is friendly, but makes a lot of mistakes. They seem to be a little behind on information regarding your reservation (what is the point of calling Starwood to update your credit card info if they aren't going to update the system and you have to do it again with the front desk person?). There was a lot of confusion around what my reservation entailed (breakfast, payment with reward points, people in the room) and I had to correct them about not having breakfast, not paying with reward points, and being the only one in the room. 3. The rooms are in desperate need of renovation. How odd is it to get the same room twice? Well I did, and since staying in it 3 years ago, not a single thing changed. I was surprised to find chipping paint in the bathroom (which is also poorly lit). 4. It's not really all that clean. My first hint that the cleaning staff wasn't up to speed was when they knocked on my door at 11 am and I requested another hour and they rolled their eyes at me. In addition to their attitude, cobwebs and dust were prevalent and the only thing that changed from day to day was a made bed. Turn down service didn't even include a foot mat after my first day and I had to request a room service breakfast menu from reception when they didn't leave one after the first day. 5. It's not really all that luxurious. The bathroom is not grand and fabulous (where's the spacious tub, state of the art shower, flat-screen tv, and comfy chairs that are synonymous with luxury???). The bed is comfy...but that's about it. 3 Positive Aspects:1. The location. You can hear the bells of Westerkerk and the canal location is exquisite. You are inside the centrum, which is key and you can walk everywhere. 2. The concept. Staying in a canal house is an experience and makes the hotel very unique and Dutch.3. Some staff members. The room service staff and bar staff were friendly and professional, not to mention prompt and courteous. Overall, it's not worth the price. 