cheap

I stayed for three nights at the Suitehotel during a work trip to Berlin. It is part of an almost entire street full of Accor Hotel brands. From the budget option Etap to IBIS and then the Suitehotel (being the most &quot;upmarket&quot; one). The room was booked directly with the hotel at the very good rate of €80/night including breakfast (or what passes as breakfast at the hotel but more about that later).I was a bit taken aback when the receptionist told me &quot;at the Suitehotel you always pay in advance&quot;. Well as customer I tend to pay once I received the appropriate service. That's why normally hotels take an imprint of you credit card but the Suitehotel insists on full payment upfront. Strange tactics but I guess they are catering to the lower end of the market.... The room itself was large(ish) containing a desk, sofa and bed. In addition it had a fridge (normal mini bar size), microwave and sink.I have to admit that I failed to see anything that resembled any hotel suite I have ever stayed in but I guess for €80 one can't expect too much. The strangest part of the room was the prefabricatedplastic pod in the room that contained the bathroom, toilet and kitchen element. It was something straight of outer space. The plasticky walls made the whole thing feel cheap. Not a good design. The kitchen element was lacking any plates or cutlery and there was no suggestion as to where you could get it.The bed was large but unfortunately covered in nylon bed linen. Thereis no excuse these days for nylon, ever! The biggest let down with regard to the room however was the air-conditioning. Despite being set to the lowest temperature it failed to cool the room to an adequate level. My suspicion is that this is just a fan rather than aircon system. During my stay it was 32c in Berlin so aircon was a must. Opening the windows at night was not an option either as there is a bar/nightclub entrance at the back of the hotel with people causing all sorts of noise all night long.As I mentioned breakfast was included in the rate and what the Suitehotel tries to pass off as breakfast was a complete mess. They are obviously trying to be innovative but it doesn't work so food comes in miniscule prepared plastic pots containing odd combinations like chorizo with pepper salad etc. You end up with a mountain of plastic refuse and still feel hungry. The breakfast area is also far too small to cater for the number of hotel guest so trying to get a seat was a nightmare. Usually breakfast in German hotels is great but this was very unsatisfactory.Having said all that the hotel is very cheap, clean and well linked by public transport. The area it is in is a bit dead but the S-Bahn from Anhalter Bahnhof or S and U-Bahn from Potsdamer Platz take you to the more interesting areas of Berlin. 