A huge disappointment - very poor value

My wife and I recently stayed for thee nights at the Hotel Majestic - what a misnomer!We booked through Lastminute (efficient) and paid approximately 1,000 Euros for the three nights (breakfast not included - see below) for a superior room.The location, on the Paseo de Gracia, is superb, especially as we were doing the tourist bit - it is close to many sites, and to the metro and the Barcelona tour bus stops.After that, with the notable exception of the front-desk staff, who were extremely helpful, everything was downhill ..........The problems centred around the room itself, and the (in) competency of the staff and their (poor) attitude.I don't think we've ever paid so much for such a small, poorly equipped room.We had requested a King bed - we got two singles pushed together.The windows are tiny, and the bathroom not much bigger.Room cleaning was perfunctory at best.However, the biggest issue with the room was (lack of) air-conditioning. During our stay in Barcelona, it was relatively warm, exacerbated by the heating in the room being on full when we arrived. We turned this off but, during the whole of our stay, we could never get the room cool enough to sleep in comfortably. When we complained, we were told that the air-conditioning was turned off in the winter in favour of heating, and nothing could be done (remember, this is a 5* hotel).Opening the window was no good - not only was it too small to make much difference, the hotel's location meant that there was always traffic noise.We could just about have lived with the room, had the service been great ..........Four examples -- on our first night, we had booked a restaurant outside the hotel. We asked the concierge to hail us a taxi, which he did. We inadvertently forgot to tip him so, on our return, my wife specifically sought him out and did tip him, with apologies. Yet the next three times we asked the concierge staff to hail a taxi, they clearly and deliberately ignored us, such that we had to do it ourselves,- the bar staff in the main bar on the ground floor seemed obsessed by tips. Having had poor service the first night (waiting 25 minutes for a simple order of drinks), we did not tip the waiter - on succeeding nights, we simply could not get the waiters to pay any attention to us- as I said earlier, breakfast is not included. We tried the breakfast buffet in the basement (no windows). Everything about breakfast was chaotic and disorganised - it took several minues to get seated, and then an eternity to get the tea we had ordered which, when it arrived, was lukewarm. Hoping for better things with room service the next day, we were sorely disappointed - wrong order, food that was barely warm, and this time the tea was almost cold!! At over 20 euros, the cost for waht you get is exorbitant.- last straw - on departure, we had an early morning flight to catch at Barcelona airport, travelling through the rush hour. Fifteen minutes after requesting a porter, no-one had appeared, so I called again - a further ten minutes elapsed with no show. My wife and I gathered up our luggage, and headed downstairs. When we hit the lobby, I'm sure you can guess by now what happened ..... three porters, no less, wishing to help us to a taxi, and earn the magic tip - we declined despite their evident disapproval.My summary - despite its wonderful location, the facilities of this hotel represent vary poor value for money (suggest you try the Hotel des Arts) - by no stretch of the imagination do they equate to five star.This is exacerbated by the approach and attitude of the staff - with the notable exception of the front desk, they seem driven by one motive - a tip.I could and would not recommend this hotel to anyone.David Shaw 