Ho-Hum

Our stay at the W Seattle had some great moments, and some not so great. + Nice front desk staff upon check-in- Front desk is up a flight of stairs which are not easy to negotiate with bags. You can walk around outside, up the hill, and enter on the same level through the side entrance+Nice Corner room with lots of space-No upgrade, even though a Gold starwood member+Lots and lots of windows in the corner room-Lots of sun, so the room heated up QUICKLY+Fun peek-a-boo view of Mt Ranier-Lots and lots and lots of street noise (8th floor) starting at about 5am. **The hotel is on a major diesel bus line, with a stop directly in front of the hotel, and the noise wakes you up too early. As does general noise from the street as traffic gets going.+Excellent decor and fantastic Bliss branded products. Loads and loads of towels. -Room was worn (scuffed, chipped paint), bathtub/shower was only so-so, pillows were uncomfortable and cheesy plastic cups in bathroom.+Allows dogs-$25 a night fee, and nothing extraordinary in return; same dog amenities as the Seattle Sheraton or Westin.The Bar+Great happy hour specials-TERRIBLE service on one occasion (forgotten food orders, difficulty in getting her attention. . .)+Fun Environment on the weekend-Limited seatingWe also overheard the host for the bar telling a couple with a small service dog that the dog was not permitted. This is in direct violation of the law and the host did not seem to care. LocationLocation is nice being near some shopping areas, and it's an easy walk to Pike's Place Market, but again, the road in front of the hotel is VERY VERY busy. You really have to hike to find nice outdoor dining, and you are aways away from what I consider the central area (Nordstrom, et. al). Dog owners, the Library is one block up and has plenty of grass, so it's a great place for doggy bathroom breaks.Overall:If I got a screaming deal on this hotel, as I did this time, I would stay again. But the location is not where I prefer to be and the street noise is out of control for weekday stays. I would request a higher floor to see if the steet noise was any less up higher. I'm also miffed about the $25 pet fee in comparison with Sheraton, which is $0. 