Worst 4 star hotel ever!!!!

We've booked this hotel through Priceline for $120USD/night. It was the worst 4 star hotel we've ever stayed at and won through Priceline. We asked for a newly refurbished room and were initially given a non-smoking room facing the station but the room smelled strongly of cigarette smoke. The furniture and decor also do not match a refurbished room. We asked for a room change and were then given a second re-furbished room in the Garden Wing which was as shabby as the first but smaller but at least with no cigarette smell. We had an afternoon nap and when we woke up at 6pm, most of the lights did not work and the TV stop working as well. We rang the front desk and they said they will send someone up to fix it. We told them we will be going out to dinner but the repairman is free to come in.When we returned from dinner at 10pm, the lights and TV were not fixed. We rang the front desk again and they did not apologise that no one came earlier and again said they will send someone to fix the problem. An hour later there was still no repairman and when we rang the front desk, the receptionist was annoyed and came up to have a look himself. In the end, it was just a blown fuse in their electricity box and it took less than 2 min to fix but customer service is definitely lacking. The only saving grace for this hotel is its location which is directly across the road from Centraal Station.The lobby is completely refurbished and looks smart but the rooms are by no means smart! They are supposed to be refurbished but really that refurbishment must have been 10 years ago!!!We have stayed in many 4 star hotels in the world - some of which are through Priceline - and this is definitely the worst hotel of the lot. It is at best a 3 star standard, even with their so-called refurbishment!I will not stayed in this hotel again and will not bid a 4 star hotel in Amsterdam through Priceline unless they downgrade the rating system of this hotel to a 3 star. 