Very disappointing

Having previously enjoyed a great week's stay at the sister art'otel in Berlin (the Warhol-themed City Centre West), we decided to book a 4-night stay at this hotel so we could visit more of the sights on the eastern side of the city.The difference was stark. This hotel is located in a very quiet district - barely a passing car on a weekday, completely dead at the weekendand with no local facilities. The one bar round the corner had one old pensioner propping the bar up on a Friday evening.The hotel itself is already showing signs of age. The fixtures and fittings in the room were tired and worn; edges of shelves worn away, carpets badly stained, window blinds torn and damaged.The room was very much smaller than in the sister hotel, though the bed was amply sized as in all German hotels. Only one almost useless pillow per person though (think no thicker than a cracker) and no availability of additional bed linen as most other hotels would normally provide. The room was effectively air conditioned (i.e. you could control temperature and speed yourself) and this is essential as the hotel's proximity to a very still tributary to the Spree means that the area is plagued by large, voracious mosquitoes. Leaving your bedroom window open is not an option as my heavily bitten body will testify!During my stay I needed to use the internet in order to check-in for our return flight. The cost of using the solitary PC in the lobby was extortionate. Given the low cost of internet access and PC hardware, all decent hotels now offer such 'business centre' services for free - here, it was a credit card driven system charging 1Euro for 3 minutes online time and extra for every printed page. As a general tip, if you need to use the internet whilst in Berlin, look up the Easy Internet cafes before you go, there's a huge one in Kurfurstendam and at least one more I saw elsewhere - there access costs 1 Euro for an hour!Overall, the stay at Berlin Mitte was not what I expected from a hotel chain which calls its most basic room 'Superior'. It needs to decide whether it wants to be 'designer' or just a smart hostel. For UK travellers, the room was the same size and in the same condition as you'd find in a Travelodge. If you expect no more than that, you won't be disappointed. Also, if you're the kind of person who likes to step out of their hotel and straight into the action, this won't ring your bell as all destinations will require at least a half hour walk or public transport journey. 