Beautiful Hotel

My wife and I stayed at the Arts for 3 nights in a club room. The hotel is very stylish with beautiful interiors and stunning flower and fruit arrangements throughout. The bedroom was very spacious and stylishly furnished with a huge bed and fabulous linens. There was also a fantastic Bang  Olufsen flat screen TV and sound system. The bathrooms are very smart with separate WC and huge walk in shower as well as 2 basins and a bath. Massive white towels, everything you would expect from a deluxe hotel. Most criticism on the site seems to be about the level of service. Here are some of our experiences, the hotel pre booked all our dinner reservations prior to our arrival at some of the city's top restaurants. The night we arrived we had to change plans on an ongoing basis as my wife's flight was severely delayed (we were travelling from different cities) meaning our original dinner plans had to be abandoned. The girls in the club lounge looked after all of this (whilst I was reading a book and enjoying a free glass of wine or two!) and when my wife finally arrived Bites had been kept open so that we could eat there. The service was perfect and for people who complain about the price of everything, I do not think Euro90 over the top for two main courses, a bottle or wine, a couple of bottles of water and coffees. These are normal deluxe hotel charges. The following morning we were greeted in the lounge by name and enjoyed a very pleasant breakfast. After a day's sightseeing we again used the lounge facilities pre dinner. A well stocked bar and different types of food depending on the time of day are always available. The lounge staff worked out which bars in the city would be showing the rugby world cup semi finals for us to watch on the Saturday and generally helped whenever they could. The level of service continued like this throughout.That is about all really apart from the say the longest we waited for a lift was one minute and our room was on the 32nd floor. 