Good location, courteous staff, comfortable

We have just returned from a 9 day stay at the Hotel Relais Bosquet and enjoyed ourselves thoroughly.We got to the hotel by Yellow Van which was arranged for us through the Hotel. This worked very well and made the transfer easy. You could have got here by a combination of the Roissy bus and Metro 8 but it would have involved hauling bags up and down quite a number of stairs. All in all, the van worked well and was not expensive.The front desk staff were extraordinarily helpful and pleasant. They speak excellent English and are happy to help you with suggestions, reservations and advice on request. Check in and out was efficient with no surprises.The front lobby has a computer to access the internet. It has a different keyboard than the one that we use in Canada but, with some considerable patience, you can get used to it. It is often used by guests but is generally available with a short wait. The hotel has wireless internet and so bringing a lap top would be a good idea.Ice is obtained through the front desk and isn't available on each floor which was fine as far as we were concerned.We had a superior room which was very nice. Had to insert the room key into a slot by the door to make the lights work, which was a new one for us and not something that came to us immediately. It had a large bathroom with two sinks and a large and effective shower. A separate WC was within the room. The air conditioning worked well, thank goodness! The safe was inside the small fridge (which wasn't the first place that we looked for it). The fridge has enough room to store soda, cheese, meat, and other stuff if you wish. They do stock it with the usual which we didn't use. They have a coffee maker in the room that we didn't use. There was a small TV which had 3 English channels plus a number of other channels. There was a large cabinet and a chest of drawers for clothes which was adequate. Electronically closing blinds completely darken the room and completely keep out outside noise. One could hear the doors open and close in adjacent hotel rooms.Breakfast was included in our package and was very good. It consisted of orange juice and cake to start, followed by coffee and heated milk, chocoate bread (addictive), croissants (very good) and additional bread with an assortment of jams and butter. Cheese came with it as did some cut up melon. This was one filling breakfast that was very good. We never were able to eat all of it and it pretty much filled you up until supper time cutting the costs of lunch (generally you might just need a drink and could share a salad and that would do you the rest of the day). I am sure that you could go out to a local bakery etc and it would be fine, but this was so convenient and so good!The hotel is about a 10 minute walk from the Eiffel tower and two blocks from the Metro. It is one block from Rue Cler. There are two bakeries nearby and two grocery stores as well. Banking was within two blocks.I highly suggest the Le Bosquet restaurant nearby as it has great service and food. Cafe du March is also close and is a little cheaper with reasonable food and a fun atmosphere. You can get a crepe on Rue Cler that is the equivalent of a full meal. Wine shops abound nearby. I highly recommend this hotel. 