lots of hidden charges

I travel to Seattle and have stayed in a number of hotels there -- notably the Edgewater and Monaco. I stayed at the Sheraton this time primarily due to an internet price offer and the 4 star rating of the hotel. But it's clear that the Sheraton sheds all it's normal charges in order to make the rm price look cheap -- while my quote was abt $200 a night -- in fact I paid abt $300 a night. On a two night stay that's a big surprise. Valet parking is $35 a night, and their non-valet parking is $28 a night and a block away. To be fair, Seattle parking in general is way overpriced -- comparable to NYC (where at least it seems merited). Internet is $9.95 per day. If you send packages ahead (as many of us business travelers do) you are charged on a sliding scale based on weight -- that added another $60 to my bill. AND they lost the most important box of the lot. While they made some visible efforts to look for the box -- the fact is that Fedex showed the box signed for, and their own system had logged it in -- but they could not locate. I've had better help at Motel 6 -- and they don't charge anything for internet or boxes. The room was a perfectly normal hotel room; ditto with bathroom -- in short, there is nothing here that special, they are overpriced, and service in this case was subpar. Also they seem to cater to conventions, large groups, so there are long waits for everything (elevator, bell boy, cashier, etc., and there usually 20 - 30 people out front smoking and blocking doorways. Everyone has their hand out (not unusual at a hotel like this, but even more blatant here -- and without much of a smile or effort) When I have to open my trunk and pack my bags in the car, it seems impertinent to be expecting a tip just for bringing the car up. Will not repeat this hotel, and frankly hurt my impression of Sheraton overall as well. I have had much more consistent and better visits at Hiltons lately. One small note -- there is a great Vietnamese restaurant around the corner called Bambuza -- don't miss it! It was the highlight of this trip. 