terrific value, great location, highly recommended

We stayed for 7 nights in mid-September 2005  had a great holiday. We picked the Chancellor based on Tripadvisor reviews (no other hotel nearby could offer the same good value combined with great reviews)  for the location, and we were not disappointed. I booked by contacting the hotel direct, months earlier,  got a confirmation e-mail shortly afterwards. My requests for a quiet room, facing the back, high-up, with no connecting doors were met (the only noise we had was a loud radio or TV one evening, but it stopped before we went to bed). The view at the back of the hotel was still quite striking, especially at night. Hotel itself has some character, with a beautiful art-deco type mirror behind the bar. Lifts were effective; we did use the stairs a few times, but 15 floors is along way! The room was quite big enough and (like Wes, the manager, whose responses on Tripadvisor are highly entertaining) I found it no problem using the toilet ! No A/C needed - ceiling fan was only needed a couple of times, and we left our windows open during the day. Room was very clean; the shower very effective; the bed comfortable; the safe worked (2 other hotels we used on our holiday had faulty safes); the choice of pillows a terrific idea (as a sufferer of back  neck pain, this made a real difference to me); the laundry came back promptly; the bar service was good. The staff were excellent: check-in took about 30 seconds; bags were taken up to our room immediately; the housekeeping staff were friendly and always said hello (in Vegas, they avoided any eye contact, and one rarely saw them); when we needed a light bulb replacing and I wanted a special pillow, the staff responded immediately; all the staff smiled  made us welcome; the lady at the tour desk may have never actually smiled, but she was polite  helpful; the restaurant staff were efficient most of the time (though on 2 mornings they were slow and forgot part of our order), so we ate breakfast at the hotel 6 out of the 7 mornings. The food was good, and the free coffee (including de-caff.)  cookies much appreciated. There was a 'meet the staff' evening one night, with free food and wine, and we got to meet Wes, the manager - if they hold one while you are there, I recommend you go. Location of hotel is brilliant: cable car stop just outside; short walk to Powell St cable turntable, metro, BART and bus stops; ATM in hotel and one next door; Sears for breakfast 2 doors north; Lori's diner for good burgers c. 200 yards north; Wallgreens chemist/store on same block; loads of shops around Union Square; some beautiful architecture in the area, and good restaurants; several film locations (Vertigo, especially) nearby; many of these places, and other tourist destinations, are easily walkable from the hotel.We would highly recommend the Chancellor. We plan to visit San Francisco again one day, and we will book again with the Chancellor, with no hesitation. Thanks to the users of Tripadvisor for helping us choose it, and thanks to Wes and his staff for an excellent stay. 