Pretty good

My boyfriend and I had stayed at Argonaut from Nov. 12-15 (Fri-Mon). We would have stayed Thursday night but when we checked in, the front desk rep informed us that there was no room available for us; apparently something was wrong with a group of rooms (although my guess was they just overbooked). It was about 11:45p and having to get back into our car, drive across town and check into their sister hotel, Hotel Palomar, wasn't our idea of fun, but rather than lambasting the guy (which we witnessed another guest that was turned away do) we accepted our fate (and the complimentary free night). We switched to the Argonaut after the first night, and for our troubles we were upgraded to a double queen room with views of Alcatraz and sent a bottle of wine and an assortment of nuts. The nautical décor was interesting; cute for families but not exactly my taste.Some of the pros: Good location - While we were within comfortable walking distance to Fisherman's Wharf and good restaurants (go to Gary Danko!), it was still in a very quiet and safe location. The bathrooms were unimpressive but I liked the Aveda products. The beds were comfortable and topped with fluffy pillows and comforters. The Sony TV and DVD player was a nice touch, as was the free high speed internet connection. As for price, it was pretty affordable (our price was $150/night) for what you get.Now for the bad stuff: The walls were a bit thin as we could hear our neighbors or people outside our door chatting away. Each time we drove to the hotel, the valet guy was nowhere to be found so had to leave our car (locked up of course) at curbside and gave our keys to the front desk person. Finally, the remote control for the TV was actually the Nintendo game control and therefore the only way to change channels was to go up or down. It also didn't help that it was not wireless.All in all, I'd suggest this hotel if you're an out of town cost-conscious tourist especially interested in exploring the Fisherman's Wharf area. One suggestion to the hotel - Sounds like being turned away for not having a room available has happened frequently in the past. Rather than letting your guests show up and be disappointed, you should proactively call and let them know beforehand so they can go directly to another hotel. This might also save your front staff from verbal abuse. 