JUST AWFUL

This was the worse hotel I ever stayed at! I wanted to write this review right after we checked into the hotel, that's how appalled I was. First, we left the train station across from this hotel. We walked through a huge construction site that stretched a quater mile in front of the hotel. Fine, nothing the hotel can do about it, but no warning about the construction- which goes until about 1AM and starts at 7AM again- yet it was noted on the city map we received. Thanks for the heads up! Next, we go into what I thought was going to be a classy hotel. Instead it seemed like we walked into a bar 3 hours into happy hour; loud music, loud voices, people sleeping in the chairs in the lobby. Not the kind of the place the website and pictures portray this hotel to be. Then, our room. My jaw dropped as I opened the door- it looked like a dilapidated, disgusting motel room I would have expected to find in the RLD. The carpet was filthy, the hall and room itself smelt of stale smoke/stagnant air, the furniture was damaged and so old it looked like it had been picked up at a garage sale in 1964! And that was called the new wing! The bathroom was terrible! I actually had to use the Clorox disinfectant wipes I brought along to clean, but still showered with my flip flops on! There was mold in corners of the bathroom. I brought my own washcloth only to have housekeeping take it away with the hotel towels. The bath towel that I got one day was blackened as if a car mechanic had used it to clean their hands. I wish I could share the pictures that I took of this place, just awful! We went to see the pool and the gym and were also disappointed. We would refer to the pool as the foot pool because that's about how big it was and the gym that the hotel had the nerve to charge for was nothing more than an extra room with some gym equitment shoved in it. We used neither. This hotel supposedly is a 4-star hotel, when in fact it is a motel with a nice facade charging 5-star rates! I would never stay here again. 