liked it for the most part

We stayed at Hotel Estherea May 9-12th. for the most part I agree with everything that has been written about the hotel. great location, it has been recently renovated and is quite lovely, close to shopping and restaurants etc. The tea/cofee station is a great plus in the lobby. The ambience in the lobby is pleasant and welcoming. Breakfast is okay, nothing special. I did wish they served even a light dinner as we were travelling with elderly parents and this would have suited them quite nicely some nights.Here are some other things that we did not like.My in-laws stayed in room 412 which overlooked the canal, the room is small but adequate and they enjoyed it. Overall they found it quiet enough for sleeping with the exeption of one night when people were quite rowdy for sometime in a boat in the canal below them. My husband, daughter and I had a triple - room 419 which overlooked the back of the hotel. not the most pleasant view, walls of graffiti etc. The main problem was the noise all night long of cars flying past the window and the voices from the street may as well have been in our room. we did not sleep well at all and one night not all. The room was very nice, our daughter had a pull out bed from the wall which was very comfortable as was our bed. I definitely would not stay in that room again.The bathroom is quite small, even for European size. There was nowhere to put toilitries etc but that was not a huge deal.The main thing that I did not like was the front desk staff. there was an older gentleman (I believe already mentioned in former reviews) who was verging on rude. I truly believed he thought he was there for reasons other than serving the customer. he was very unapproachable and gave the impression as you walked towards him that he would rather have disappeared. There was also a young lady on the desk who was very abrasive and had a very take it or leave it attitude. I saw them make fun of the customer behind their back on more than one occasion. something they should be more aware of.On the positive side there was a bar man who has been with the hotel for 6 months, regretfully we did not get his name. He was excellent and went far beyond customer service with a very pleasant attitude. He truly seemed to like his job.I will say that my husband became ill while we were there with a fever and infected throat and they were very good at getting a doctor, and when I asked for some toast to be sent up they sent up a tray of snacks all complimentary and wished him a speedy recovery.Over all we enjoyed staying at this hotel but I will say I was put off with the haughtiness of these two reception staff. someone should remind them that we are the customer and they should demonstrate better customer care. Unfortunately I tended to treat them the way I felt we were being treated so that likely did not help matters. Finally I would like to stay here again but only if we could be guaranteed a quieter room, and also if they gave their staff some training. 