Not impressed

I have stayed at this hotel earlier in the year and was impressed with the high level of service. This was the reason I chose Swissotel for my last stay in Sydney.I was very unimpressed by the level of service I (and others) received.After travelling for 11 hours, I was looking forward to a shower and a rest in a room. I arrived a little earlier than expected - and was told that my room would not be available until 2pm. As this was the advertised check-in time, I was quite happy to leave my luggage, and do some shopping in the CBD.At 230pm, I returned and was told that my room was still not available. It was at this point I noticed that there were other guests in the same situation at the Check-in desk. I was told that my room would be available in half an hour, and to return then.After exploring the CBD shops further, I returned to Check-in, only to be told that my room was still not available. Further guests were being turned away from the desk - and told to wait in the Bar, or explore the City and be contacted by mobile.After I was offered this option, I declined. At this point I was extremely exhausted and asked to speak with a Supervisor. I was again asked if I would like to wait in the Bar or do some shopping. I explained to the Supervisor that I would prefer to wait at the Check-in Desk until a room was found. After dropping my shopping bags and luggage at my feet a staff member went upstairs, and a room was miraculously found. The way in which the staff handled the situation was dismissive and extremely disappointing. I understand that Hotels are sometimes quite busy, but staff gave the impression that they wanted to move Guests away from the check in desk as soon as possible.The room was quite nice, and I got it for a very good rate on the Hotels Website. Breakfast was included and was very nice.The only other issue I experienced was that my room wasn't cleaned on one day - even though I had asked for my room to be made up. I ended up catching a staff member in the corridor in the evening to have my towels replaced.I'm not as impressed as I was with my last stay. Unless the rate beats other hotels in the CBD, I will probably stay elsewhere. 