Terrible in Tuscany

We had been traveling quite a bit this summer. We were in Calfornia for about 15 years in a row,for almost two weeks. We used to stay in downtown San Francisco , then found a nice small motel place near the wharf, but the mattresses became too lumpy for our backs. So, we were up in Calistoga(wine country) and needed a short two night stay before we headed home. I had read reviews of the Tuscan Inn in prior years and thought it would be a good choice. We were severely disappointed. The hotel manager did her best to help us, but certain problems with the hotel simply can not be corrected. The rooms that face the streets are very noisy due to tour buses, local buses and traffic. The courtyard room we were assigned was dark and dingy and since we are fresh air oriented, when we opened the windows we heard 30 +air conditioning units humming away. Couryard rooms are darker than street rooms. The interior of the room was sort of Rococo with a mishmash of colors. The room itself was small and crowded with old furniture and knick knacks. The bathroom had several problems. First ,it was tiny ,old and not at all modern. When I woke up early in the morning to use the facilities, a light outside on the vanity wakened my traveling companion.The inn advertises coffee and tea and biscotti in the morning. Regrettablyt, the biscotti were tiny pieces, quite inedible.The lobby is very busy, with lots of tourists rushing around, apparently quite a few on bus tours. We think the hotel needs a major redoing in almost every respect.Before we reserved, we asked the front desk about the mattresses and were told they were new. My side had that typical depression you find in a hotel bed where a person has been sleeping on the edge and the mattresses have not been turned or simply were not of good quaity to retain any support. We later in the day checked out several large chain hotels in the area, and found them not more expensive and just in more fantastic shape. So, we will never stay at this inn again, barring major renovations.We advise travelers not to be impressed with what the hotel sounds like, and to pass it by. 