Banal and Tiring

This was not my beautiful, contemporary renovated, luxurious romantic Parisian Hotel as claimed by the website. The entrance is beside gas stations and parking lots, not interesting! No leafy green cafe culture out the door. Inside the lobby, there's a pitcher of water/juice, big deal--there's no lounge. And some gleaming vases and twigs. This hardly rates the prices for chic. Everything is extremely small, even for Parisian standards: the lobby, the restaurant (strong stench of vomit towards the back), the room! the bath! (mildew and tiny). The valets looked in the other direction with their hands behind their backs each time we struggled in the doors with parcels and luggage.The front desk staff was extremely out of touch, unhelpful and seemed never to have checked anyone into a hotel before. Everything about guests was a burden to them.The first room we got was a terrible disappointment, cramped and uncomfortable, bizarrely and badly laid out. Plus it had some other guests items in it (Mail and special requests). We wanted to upgrade but the better and hopefully comfortable room wouldn't be available until the next day. We were told it would be ready at 2pm, and so we came back from our sightseeing to do that. It wasn't ready, and we were told at 3 and we would get a call. It still wasn't ready, and when I went down to the front desk at 4, I overheard the assistant manager had assigned it to someone else (better tipper? just say so!) and so we could only move to another disappointing room, all that was available so they claimed. Already exhausted and tired and just want to rest or move smoothly to a decent room that was promised when it was promised. This took an afternoon out of the holiday.Mildew on the bathroom walls and leaks in the bathroom. Bulgari products or not.The breakfast wait staff was terrible, no help with the cold coffee or introduction to their system or menu. The buffet eggs were cold, and when informed the wait staff simply stirred them up.The pool and spa area was a health hazard: there is a small sort of narrow canal of water that you are encouraged by the attendant to leap over (or you get your shoes wet)--an obvious way to twist an ankle. Breakfast chef was friendly though. He immediately made fresh eggs for us. The only proactive, involved person there.Turn down service/chocolates luxury didn't happen. Only one robe/slippers for two people.High prices for the internet. Just a complete waste of time, utterly fatiguant.Have now purchased a copy of Sawday's book Paris Hotels. 