Poor customer service...

Below is an abstract of the complaint I have sent to the management of this hotel. I think it explains everything. However if you don't have these problems the hotel is beautiful and well located.I would like to bring to your attention my highly unsatisfactory stay at your hotel earlier this week. Checking into the Hilton Arc de Triomphe on July XXX at around 12h15 in the afternoon I was promptly checked-in to room XXX. Spending only a few minutes in the room to drop off my luggage I found the room satisfactory and left at once for my office located down the street on Rue Monceau. Arriving back at the hotel around 20h00 in the evening to quickly change for a business dinner I noticed an odd smell in the hotel room. Approaching the window I realized that the entire carpet and wall below the window sill were soaked with water carrying the distinct grey hue of mold. Obviously there had a been a problem for quite sometime. Having little time before my next engagement I stopped by the reception on way out to inform them of the problem. The staff were perfectly pleasant apologizing for the inconvenience and promising to send someone up to see what could be done to fix the problem and, if no problem could be found, to change my hotel room. Had this occurred I would not be writing to you at this time as I would have been perfectly satisfied with how the situation was handled. Hotels make mistakes and should surely be given the chance to rectify them.Unfortunately when returning to my room at 23h15 in the evening I found that not only had nothing been done but that the stench by this time was intolerable. It would have been impossible to sleep in this room. Calling the reception not one person on duty was aware of my earlier complaint. However after verifying the room number they were not surprised by the problem as I was informed that my room was 'closed' and was not to be assigned due to the leak. At this point they promised to send some up to look at the situation immediately. After waiting, in the hall (because of the odor), for 25 minutes, I was forced to call the reception a second time. It was only then that they sent someone to help me transfer to a comparable room on the same floor. The whole ordeal of transferring rooms meant that instead of going to bed at 23h15 I was not able to get to bed until well after midnight. Having woken up at 4h30 in the morning to catch a red eye flight to Paris and working for twelve hours straight this was certainly a less than ideal way to end my evening.The next morning when checking out no mention to the prior evening's events were made until I brought up the issue. At this point I was clumsily offered a discount on the my room. In all honesty this represents little compensation for me, spending over 100 days a year in hotel rooms neither me nor my employer could care less about saving a few euros on a hotel room. Spending over a third of my time in hotels for work I value a customer service and more importantly a good night's sleep. This is much more important to me than the actual cost of a hotel room and I would venture to say that this is the case for many of the business travelers you wish to attract.'' 