Not up to Sofitel standards

We arrived at the hotel at 7pm and strangely enough there was no porter available to help us with the luggage. Check in was quick and effortless and we were assigned room 553. The room was small and not what we had booked. The requested room was &quot;garden view&quot; away from the heavy traffic outside the hotel. This room was facing the street and it was HOT, not just warm but VERY HOT. The air-conditioning is not that but rather a ventilation system which did not cool the room down, opening the windows meant that the system switched off and of course the street noise became unbearable. As a Sofitel Privilege customer (their loyalty card scheme) the room did feature a welcome platter of fruit and some mineral water. What it did not have was the requested double bed; instead it had two single beds pushed together with uncomfortable mattresses and tiny duvets. Not all the Sofitel international standard, where was the MyBed (Sofitel's incredibly comfortable bed)? Not willing to accept this for €145/night I changed room to across the hall but was reminded by the staff that the room standard for the category booked. Well I don't agree with that and I found this an inherent problem with German Sofitels. They are not up to the international standards. The new room (554) at least had a double bed (but alas still two tiny duvets) and of course the bed was incredibly uncomfortable (same old mattress). But at least it was quiet. Positives about the hotel are: the staff (very courteous at all levels), the food (breakfast was excellent and so was dinner in the restaurant) and location. Negatives: Bed (if you are used to Sofitel beds from around there world don't stay here), bedding (old polyester), house keeping (on both morning the room was not properly cleaned and coffee and toiletry supplies were not replenished; the room was also not very clean with huge stains on the curtains), in room equipment (if you love 70s retro you will love the TV in the room). This hotel should not be allowed to call itself a Sofitel as the rooms are well below standard, the staff however are right up there. 