Terrific Hotel

Great hotel, next to Estatio Sants station, accessed via train or aircoach from the airport. You cannot miss the 23 storey new hotel building as you exit the station It has a massive SONY radio aerial on the roof. The hotel is very new so the owners may have built it to be ready for the extra visitors when the new high speed train from Madrid arrives. That is the reason for the building work at the station. We visited in Nov 07 and the work did not affect us at all. Terrific cheap buffet in the station restaurant which we used prior to departing on the way home. We booked flights via EasyJet and the hotel via &quot;eXcape with us&quot; which gave us a good deal for four nights. However, I tried for hours on the internet to seek a phone number for the hotel so I could ring and make sure our booking was on their system (which I always do).Reading the other reviews I came across the fact that the old 6 storey Expo hotel next door was in the same group. Typed in expo hotels and voila! - a telephone number - which is [--]. The website is &quot;expogrupo.com&quot; (and they own the fabulous Mare Nostrum resort in Tenerife). When we arrived all the reception staff spoke excellent English and very really helpful. We had booked a standard room because the eXcape site did not give the option of a superior room. Reception told us standard rooms are up to floor 9, and superior room floors 10-16. Floors 17-22 are more expensive and I think some are suites. We chose floor 16 with panoramic views and paid 8 euros each per night extra, which matched what others were offering on the web.Other reviews are accurate re the excellent facilities and restaurants so I will not repeat them here but instead give a little feedback on the city.Barcelona is very much bigger than we envisaged but if you like walking you can see so much. We walked in to the centre by different routes every day and in the evening came home by taxi for 拢5. There are three open topped bus tour routes, which if you did them all back to back would take a whole day. However they are worth it especially the two day &quot;hop-on, hop-off&quot; ticket which we used. There is a lot to see so get a cheap guide book and plan your visit. Sagrada Familia is architecturally, simply stunning. The maritime museum shows how Spain was able to navigate the world centuries ago. There is a model of the Armada's flagship - what must have been an awesome sight coming across the English Channel. Regarding security, If you are sensible Barcelona is no more dangerous than London, Manchester, Leeds etc. I wear Rohan or Meyer trousers both of which have zipped security pockets inside a front pocket, where I keep some money for the day. I have sewn an internal security pocket (拢3 John Lewis) inside the waist band where I keep passports and remainder of euros for the holiday. My wife always wears her Eagle Creek secure handbag across her shoulder with zips closed. Any self respecting pickpocket will go for the back pocket wallets and the open handbags which are in abundance. Some people simply do not think - until it is too late and the wallet or purse has gone.The hotel was always a nice place to return to in the evening, for a drink or meal in the bar or a nice relaxing bath. For Barcelona, we recommend the Gran Hotel Torre Cataluna.Hope this is helpful. MF Wakefield 