good hotel in good location

We stayed at the sofitel for two days on a jolly to Berlin. One thing we discovered very quickly that in Berlin the hotel you choose is all about location, there are some places which may have great reviews for the hotel but the location could be right oppposite a building site or miles from the nearest bars and restaurants, or just in the wrong part of town. Berlin has an awful lot of construction going on so choose carefully. This place is in a pretty excellent location really, right opposite the Zoo, specify a courtyard facing room if you want quiet, there is quite a busy road going past the front of the hotel, Across the busy road is the Zoo, you really want a room at the back of the hotel rather than at the front. The hotel is about 5 minutes walk from the famous bombed out church and the start of the K'dam, also 5 minutes walk is Ka De We which is the 2nd the biggest department store in Europe after Harrods. East Berlin centre is about 15 mins by taxi (there is a rank at the front of the hotel)The hotel itself is comfortable and well equipped with a very good range of spa treatments, the room we had was quite large and the only complaint we have is that the bath towels are very small, The goodies in the bathroom are very high quaility. The bar is quite small but serves everything you need at usual hotel prices. We didnt try the restaurant as we prefer to eat out but it seemed quite nice and very popular. The staff are efficient and very polite and helpful. All in all a perfectly good nice hotel in a very good location which as I said before is everything in Berlin.Top tip: if you fly in and out of Tegel airport dont go through the security and departures gates until you are ready to fly as there is Nothing on the other side of security, just gates and seats. small duty free in a cabin, I would definately stay at the sofitel again rather than risk a hotel in the wrong place which would seriously dent your enjoyment of a short stay 