NOT so Grand!

I depended very much on the TripAdvisor reviews when I booked this hotel for me and my wife. The reviews were so ecstatic, I was positive that this would be the perfect hotel for our trip to Barcelona. Our experience was pretty far from perfect. I feel that I need to write a review that will balance out the glowing reviews that this hotel has been receiving as a fair warning to my fellow travelers who also depend on and love TripAdvisor.In the three nights we stayed at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya, we had a poor overall experience.Firstly, the standard rooms are average. Barely 4 stars, I found the standard room dark, stuffy and pretty grim. While indeed close to a train/subway station, the hotel's location also felt far from much of Barcelona's cultural attractions. Be prepared for a five-seven minute walk to the station plus a 15-20 minute ride to get to any major attraction. Prior to our third day at the hotel (covered here in just a bit) the staff members were fine. Not overly helpful or friendly, the service they provided met, but did not exceed expectations for the prices we paid.Our trip happened to coincide with Holy Week 2008 and our last day was Good Friday, a pretty major holiday in Barcelona. Not knowing what sites might have limited hours on Good Friday, we planned an early start to our day. We asked the hotel for a 7:30 am wake up call on Friday morning. We received no call. Instead, a bellhop knocked on our door at 9:40 am as a wake up call. He explained that he was sent because there was no answer to a call to our room at 7:30 am. Our first thought was that we definitely did not miss a call at 7:30 because the phones were extra loud. Our second thought was, Why, if we were supposed to receive a 7:30 call, was the bellhop now standing at our door at 9:40? Not wanting to take it out on the messenger, I thanked the bellhop and told him I would be taking it up with the hotel management.At the lobby we explained the situation to the manager in charge. She initially seemed dubious of our story, perhaps believing that we really did miss a 7:30am call. Because we persisted, she eventually called the person responsible for the wake up calls. They admitted to her, she explained, that they simply forgot to call us. Needless to explain further, this was a frustrating situation having already lost a good few hours in our last full day in Barcelona.To make up for the issue, the manager offered to upgrade our room for the last night. They did follow through with this gesture which we are appreciative of. However, I can't help but feel let-down by my overall experience at the Gran Hotel Torre Catalunya. 