Terrrible reception staff, good location.

uk trip advisor member. We spent 5 nights here at the beginning of Nov. Arrived at 9am but understandably the room was not ready yet, took a walk then came back and waited in lobby area for room. Staff on reception said they would call us when it was ready. After waiting for over an hour I asked again - the room had been ready for over half an hour and we had been left sat in the lobby. The room itself (a deluxe on the 19th floor) was excellent. Was very impressed with size, decor, facilities etc. Also the pool, jacuzzi facilities etc were excellent. Again though the staff lower my opinion of this hotel; on more than 2 or 3 occasssions I could get no answer from reception, even though they had posted a note asking me to contact them to arrange to refill the mini bar - this was never done. We ordered breakfast in bed which arrived on time and looked great but was stone cold. Again when I tried to phone somebody about this - no answer. I couldn't even get the huge trolley it came on removed from our room (I got through on the phone later in the afternoon and told them I had left it in the corridor). It remained there for 24hrs. At check out I informed the staff that I had tried lots but had not been able to get the mini bar refilled and had used approx $45. They told me it didn't matter and I wouldn't be charged. Because of this I didn't complain about the breakfast (which cost approx $75). I paid for my phone calls (I had a faulty phone or something went wrong disconnecting a call at reception so lost 40mins on an international phone card), and left. When I got back to the uk I had been charged the $45 dollars too! I must say that not all staff were poor; the guys who open the doors, collect and deliver luggage were pleasant, helpful and a credit to the hotel. There doesn't seem to be any conatct details on the web page and I don't really want to be phoning australia to complain about my problems, so will just have to put this one down to experience. This hotel is really nice and could be one of the best in sydney, but the customer service side of things needs to improve greatly. 