Decent, but limited

I recently stayed at the Nadia for several nights. First, I'll say that I'm a seasoned business traveler, and have been to Amsterdam 11 times, so this is not my first small hotel expereince in the city.I arrived around 10am. No one offered to help me up the very steep stairs to the lobby which is one floor above street level. The staff was always very nice and helpful. I was offered coffee or tea if I wanted, and they checked my bags, advising the room would not be available until 1pm. More very steep stairs up to my room. Facing the steepness of the stairs was a real drag after a long day of walking around the city. If you don't have alot of stamina, skip this place. Yes, these stairs are steeper than any I've encountered in Amsterdam.My room was cramped, even by Amsterdam standards. The bedspread was torn and had burn holes, the sheets were clean, but had a rip in it. I did not receive fresh towels for several days - the staff would simply fold up the used towels and place them back on the rack. This was annoying as I was only given one hand towel and one bath towel, as a single guest. I found myself hitting my head on shelves, and banging my shin on the bed platform more often than I care to admit, as the room was so tight. As mentioned in other reviews, the toilet is in the shower. My toilet seat cover could not be lowered, nor could the seat be lifted, due to it being wedged between the toilet tank (hard to describe). This led to constant risk of items falling into the open toilet from the miniscule glass shelf above, the only place in the bathroom for your personal toiletries. The room was on the back of the hotel facing a courtyard, and was mostly quiet, with the exception of hearing the church bells of the Westerkerk through the night (this was very pleaseant, actually). Some of the nights were warm, so I had the window open. Apparently the reception desk also faced the courtyard some floors below, as on a couple of nights I was kept awake by the constant piercing ring of the reception desk telephone, echoing up the courtyard at all hours. Why the management doesn't either lower the volume, change the type of ringer (a flashing light perhaps?), or simply keep the window shut so as to not disturb the guests, is beyond me.I'd say the Nadia is an okay place to stay if you're not bothered by what I've mentioned. The location is very good for getting around the city (close to 3 tram lines, Canal Bus and Dam Square), there's an ATM across the street, and an internet cafe a block away. I feel the price was high for the room. I won't be staying at the Nadia again. 