Non smokers beware!

I went to Amsterdam for the first time with my spouse last weekend. We stayed at the Estheria for 2 nights in a deluxe room (room #114).At first we were very satisfied by the hotel because it is beautiful, our room was large, clean, well decorated, and had a nice view on the canal, and the staff made a good impression on us.The first problem arose on the first night: our room was on the first floor and we were disturbed around 1a.m by a group of people talking loudly right under our windows, probably waiting for some friends on the doorstep of the hotel. Apparently, nothing special has been done for (external)noise insulation. However it only last 15 minutes and thus was a minor problem. Note that we could not hear any noise coming from other rooms.The second problem was of much greater importance. We asked for a non-smoking room, as usual, because we are, though french, very sensitive (negatively) to cigarette smoke. The room was indeed non-smoking, and nobody had smoked in our room, but the room in front of ours (room #115) was a smoking room. And the guests in room #115, in their right, were unfortunately smoking a lot. Our room was invaded by smoke all night and we had to sleep with an open window in spite of the outside temperature (I would say around -5 掳C). At the reception, after checking the corridor, they admitted that there was indeed a lot of smoke but could not do anything because room #115 was a smoking room and the hotel was full (so that they could not give us another room).We thus spent a terrible second night in that hotel.We however appreciated the breakfast (non smoking area). Note that it is not included in the room price (extra 14 EUR per person).Note also that the hotel has no restaurant but that there are plenty right next to it.I did not ask for any discount (not my style, at least with my wife standing next to me :C), but when I checked out, they did not ask me whether I had enjoyed my stay, they did not apologize, and did not offer any kind of compensation.Apart from that, Amsterdam is a beautiful city and we had a wonderful time wandering in its streets and visiting a few of its museums. 