A great choice

I chose the Palace hotel after doing quite a bit of research on Berlin Hotels. The time was well invested and I have to report that we were very satisfied with the Palace. It is 5 minutes walk wheeling our bag from Zoo Station, where we came into Berlin from Schoenfeld Airport. The hotel is modern, clean (very) business hotel, but there were some tourists like us as well. Lobby large, sometimes a bit of music, comfortable. Staff are very helpful, attentive, smiling and say hello to you in the morning. Bedroom- we had taken a slight upgrade room on the 5th Floor was spacious, well equipped. bathrooms are really nice marble and glass. So clean and fresh everywhere. They were redecorated in May 05 - so carpets etc. all virtually new. Very nice. Tried the spa- which has everything . Only comment I would make - apart from it being all one would expect, is that I nearly slipped twice on the tile floors around the pool and sauna area- they are dangerous. I was however given some hotel slippers and a robe (after I asked, not on entry). You must use these or risk breaking your leg. Cost was on an excellent deal only EU. 605 for four nights. Which for this hotel was very good value. YOu do have to shop around on the newt to get best deal. I got mine from Bookings, which had the advantage of not taking all your money up front on a no cancel deal (like some of the others try to do...) Hotel is well placed for Shopping, busses and U S Bahn lines. Travel for some distance in Berlin is unavoidable since it is so spread out, that it hardly matters where you stay in the city- but this was particularly central.Just one otherword of advice- and not about the hotel. We travelled back to london on a Saturday evening. Got into Luton at 10.35pm by Easyjet. We arrived at the car part (mid term 5 mins from Terminal) at 12 midnight. Easyjet do not arrange for offloading facilities on a Saturday evening and there were three flights clustered around one very small carousel, hundreds of people jostling and getting angry. Easyjet probably blame groundstaff. Groundstaff couldn't care less. Its Easy's responsibility. Definitely avoid travelling by Easyjet at weekend late evenings! I doubt they have the capacity at that time to run a bath, never mind an airline -with hundreds of passengers wanting to go home and not wanting to wait as long as the flight time from berlin to get to the car park. Angry -yes.But otherwise it was a very interesting four days. Distances in Berlin are vast and the underground or bus often drop you about a half a mile or more from your target destination. Worth a taxi sometimes...One more thing- if you want to visit the Bundestag it is a good idea to book a tour (in english) in advance. That way you avoid the queues and walk right in like an expected guest- free tour excellent. Good areas to eat in the evening is around Hackescher Markt in the Hof complex on Oranienburger Str. and further upo the same street towards the synagogue direction. Lots of good eating places. Best breakfast place we found (but there are many) was in Fasanenstrasse No. 23 (Garden and conservatory part). BUt it is about 15 mins from Hotel. Once or twice is ok. Otherwise there ar places nearer. We didn't take the Hotel breakfast at 20 Eu each. Why so dear?? 