More Like a Run-Down Westin

I definitely agree with other reviewers who wrote that the Pulitzer is not up to Luxury Collection standards. We booked our hotel through the Starwood Preferred Guest program and even received one night free with our points. Between the points and a corporate rate, we were only supposed to pay about 800 Euros for a 5 night stay, which seemed very reasonable.When we arrived, we received the same treatment at the front desk as many previous reviewers... They had trouble deciphering the reservations booked by our Starwood agent, they made us wait 5 hours for a room (we arrived at 9:00 a.m., which I imagine is typical for most American travelers since overnight flights are our only option), and they were generally disorganized and not very cordial (though not rude). The front desk clerk finally got it together and told me we had received a complimentary upgrade on some nights to include breakfast (since two of our three reservations included it and one did not).Our room was a spacious (by European standards) canal-front room. It was clean and bright. The bathroom was small (shower/bathtub combo and a single sink), but pretty and did have GREAT water pressure. The air conditioner worked very well, which was on the sometimes-warm August days. The TV was older - no flat panels here. The furniture was nice but shabby - scratched and dented. Being on the canal had its perks, but we could hear people walking by (talking, shouting and laughing) until the wee hours. Ear plugs helped with this problem. There were fairly major renovations on our floor which we were not notified about before arriving or at check in. They were painting the walls outside of our room and replacing all of the carpet while we were there. We heard banging during the day. Most luxury hotels will avoid booking rooms around this sort of renovation - or at the very least warn the guests - but not the Pulitzer. The services and food offered by the hotel are very expensive. Internet was over $20/day, many of the tours offered by the concierge desk topped 200 Euros, and while the breakfast was great, I wouldn't spend the extra 75 Euros a night to include it in the price of my room (seemingly the only differentiator between a regular room and executive). We did spend 38 Euros pp to take a 1.5 hour ride on their lovely canal boat, which would have been great if not for a family with a baby who showed up late with a stroller and displaced other passengers. At check-out, we found out that they had not reconciled our Starwood reservations after all and had been charging us for the free upgrade we received at check-in. We were bring charged an extra 400 Euros for our stay. We were able to negotiate down to just 125 Euros and finally gave up. It was time to go home and leave the Pulitzer behind us!! 