do not waste your money $$$ - stay at another vip hotel

I read through many reviews on this site and found that this hotel seem to have the best and after friends and family said it would be nice for the location, I chose to stay. What a mistake! There are too many more hotels to choose from - don't make the same mistake I did.I did fill out the survey card left with my express check out. The next morning I received an email from the hotel, I assume it was a courtesy email that everyone gets after their stay.My response to their question: Please let us know how your stay wasDear, XXXI think it is important for you to know what you customers experience so that in the future other customers will not have to experience the same.I was very excited about staying at your hotel as friends and co-workers told me that it was a great location and one of the nicest that they had heard of, and some even had family and friends stay there when they visited.My son came to visit me for the weekend and most all the hotels were booked in the area. I usually stay at the Hyatt Regency on Embarcadero however; they were booked for the nights we wanted to stay in the city. I have four adult children, two grandchildren, and many friends that visit from Texas, Montana, and Florida often and enjoy staying in the city a couple of nights when they visit. For some they love the Union Square area for shopping and others love the Wharf.Our stay did not get off on the right foot to begin with, we arrived in the city about 1:45PM and I called ahead to see if I could valet my car and see when the earliest we could check in, I hoped for 2:00 or 2:30PM since my reservation said 3PM check in. The person at the front desk told me that my room would not be ready until 4 or 5pm because the guests in that room had a late check out. When I said is that the only room you have, they said yes with the view you want and the high floor. They told me that housekeeping would not be able to finish those high floors before 4 or 5pm and that I could have a lower floor without a view of the city.I wasn't to happy about that since we had arrived expecting to check in at least by 3pm, get dressed for our adventure on the night Alcatraz tour at 5:15pm. We were very disappointed that we had to wait around in the rain and not be able to change for the 5:15PM tour as we had planned. It was not a good situation. However, we made the best of it and after the tour on the Island; we arrive late at the hotel and checked in.I would have thought that if a guest were paying over $600.00 dollars a night for a room the quality of service would have been a lot better. I could have stayed at a motel 6 and got the same customer service. Your staff did not seem to care weather we got our room or not, there was a too bad attitude and I did not care much for that.In the morning we went out the front door about 10:50AM and ask the door man standing on the curb where the best place to have breakfast was, he laughed at me and said, &quot;Lady breakfast is over by 11AM everywhere and your not going to find it anywhere&quot;. You might tell your doorman that just a few doors down on the same block they have breakfast and 2-blocks up there is a great little dinner that offer's it 24/7.Our experience was less than wonderful, and your staff was rude for the exception of the bellhop that helped us out the next morning and valet. I was not impressed with the bellhop that delivered our bags to our room since he was at the elevator before us and as I rounded the corner by the Concierge Desk, I noticed a black leather jacket lying on the floor. As I passed by it, I thought wow that looks like mine and when I turned the corner where the elevators where there was our cart and the bellhop was being told he dropped something and he went back to pickup my jacket off of the floor. I room was nice however I was surprise with the quality of the TV, not what I expected for such an elaborately decorated Hotel. Furniture was different colors of wood, looked bad like they just through whatever they had in there.Overall, I think it could have been a great stay and I am sure not all of your guests experience the same as we did; however, the cost in no way equaled our experience. That night I would have preferred to drive 35 minutes back to Sam Ramon and stay at my own house.I would not plan to stay at this hotel again and I would most likely not recommend it as I do not feel the quality of customer service is there since there were more than two individuals employed there that were not customer friendly.On a lighter note, I do want you to know that I am more often motivated to right a job well done letter to companies, rather than a disappointed letter, as I believe everyone has a bad day. I made this an exception because it just seemed so not right for the value. I am all about customer service, you can have the greatest product to offer, however if it is not presented well, it has no value to me. I hope you will investigate and make improvements for your future guests as I think your hotel is beautiful on the surface.Respectfully,Guest in room 3084The response I got was from another department head asking me to name names, like I ran around the whole time, taking names and wasting my time on their problems. I gave enough information to them that they could have verified that I did check in late and I valeted around 2PM that day, why would I have hung out in the rain, if anyone remembers it rained hard on Oct 12th. I have to give them credit for offerring to upgrade my next stay, like I would through away any more money on that to see if I could be any more miserable. NOT, I declined the anytime upgrade and you know why, I think someone should have called me in person, but they didn't they chose to email me back an forth, wasting more of my time for nothing. If they really did have the attitude that they strive for the best, they would have offered me a free night, even if it was an off-night to show me the service could be better. I didn't want anything free however the thought would have made the differenc for me. The rooms are NOT worth the money my total was $618 for one night, imagine I knew that before I booked it, that is why I booked a nice hotel. Oh! well we live and we learn, I have stayed at better and look forward to better nights in SFO when my family and friends visit. If you chose to stay here, I hope you get better treatment than I do. And FYI - there are a lot of places that serve breakfast after 11AM.Have a great day,Unhappy guest that stayed at this hotel. 