OK but with some minuses

When we presented our pre-paid reservation through Expedia at the check-in desk, we were told that it wasn't registered. We had to make an expensive call on our cellphone to the booking agency in Norway to get a confirmation that everything should be ok, and that we should point out the booking code on our print-out. The check-in man then rang the hotel's reservation office and it turned out they had apparently forgot to forward our reservation internally. When we pointed out in so many words that this was something he ought to have checked out before turning us away and forcing us to make a 15euro call back home, he gave us free tickets to the Aqua land as a compensation. Never got the chance to use them though, preferring to spend our limited time on Berlin's many fascinating museums.Our room was a standard size business room, with a nice view towards a park and the Nikolaikirche. It was extremely well insulated against noise; a very important point since the street in front of the hotel is heavily trafficked at most times. In addition, just a stonethrow away, The Palast der Republik was in the process of being torn down. This was very noisy indeed, but with the window closed we heard practically nothing. On the other hand, there was a very tiresome muzac constantly being piped in the corridors. Made you practically run to and from the elevator to get away from it as fast as possible.Breakfast was not included in our Expedia booking, and we thought it was inordinately expensive. But no problem; there were plenty of opportunities for a very good and inexpensive breakfast within a couple of minutes on foot from the hotel entrance.The bathroom was very stylish in appereance, but at closer look, several design solutions were just very awkward. For one thing, the wash basin was a porcellain bowl placed on a wooden top. Absolutely a feast for the eye when new. But because of the constant spilling of water from handwashing etc, the wood was now cracking up and appearing very worn. Furthermore, the glass half-wall glued to the bathtub was inadequate when showering, with lots of water on the floor as a result. On the other hand, this inflexible halfwall must be a major obstacle for the room ladies when they're cleaning the upper part of the tub. A full-length shower curtain would've been a much better option. And then there was the awkward design of a single swingdoor functioning alternatively for the separate toilet cubicle and the rest of the bathroom. This door wasn't even full-length, so it must be a real problem for American couples with their hang-ups about bodily sounds when on the toilet. But to end on a more positive note: A plus for the flatscreen TV with many international channels, for the in-room coffee- and teamaking equipment, and, last but certainly not least, for very good beds. 