Regular visitor to the Moore Hotel

Okay, this is NOT a glam hotel, but you can't beat the location! There is no bellhop; the front desk service can be loveable, rude or hard to understand; and the water pressure isn't the greatest. That's the worst of it. What's so great about the Moore that I've visited and revisited and been a fan for nearly a decade now... the price and the location. I don't go to Seattle to sit in my hotel room, I visit to walk around, to shop, to drink coffee and to see the water. At the Moore, you have it all at your doorstep.When I first started visiting, the neighborhood was in desperate need of police surveillance at night. As a single female traveler, I could walk around and feel relatively safe and the front desk kept a good eye on their lobby and the comings and goings of their patrons. Now, the neighborhood immediately outside the door looks even safer and more options are available for shoppers, diners, beer and cocktail seekers than ever before.Best part - YOU ARE ONLY TWO BLOCKS FROM THE WATERFRONT. Request a 6th or 7th floor room facing the water and you'll enjoy a view that most visitors pay through the nose for. Walk to Pike Place in the morning, shopping at Pioneer Square in the afternoon, visit nearby Belltown at night. Walk everywhere. They'll hold your luggage for you either before your check-in time or after you've checked out but have a few hours to kill before catching your flight. Visiting the convention center - it's less than 10 minutes walk, grab coffee at the French Bakery at Pike's Place before you head into convention hell.Worst part - Parking - you have to pay, there are two lots on either side of the hotel or try the Bon/Macy's parking lot for something a bit cheaper. Oh, and they like to keep your key at the front desk - there is only ONE KEY available per room, so if you're sharing with someone but have different itineraries, make a habit of dropping the key off at the front desk. I would trust these people, I once left a drawerfull of clothes behind and they were kind enough to take care of them until I returned the next day, ashamed but extremely grateful.And if you've always wanted to be a bellboy, there are a couple of luggage carts that you can wheel your stuff about. 