An almost 5* experience

The hotel is ranked 5 stars by many vendors, but I would say that a few customer service details could be ironed out.Location-wise (+2) for being 2 minutes walk from Wynyard station which has trains coming in straight from the airport. There is a foodcourt/mall next door (which I never visited) and is very convenient for the financial district.When I arrived at the hotel on a Sunday evening, I was greeted by a friendly doorman who held the doors open, smiled and greeted me (+1). While the check-in desk was clearly visible, pointing me in the right direction or offering to help with my bags would have been nice (-1).Check-in was really quick (+1); All I needed was to hand over my passport  business card (so I wouldn't have to fill in the form) and got my key in seconds. What I didn't get was confirmation if breakfast was included in my rate and where breakfast was served. (-1) obviously the receptionist was new, but another staff member who overheard us stepped in and sorted it out.While it is also very common for lifts to need a key card to operate, it would have been nice to have been reminded so I wouldn't stash away my key (-1).Room was clean and had most amenities ready so no complains there; TV came with a key board and PS2 control; but quickly found out that the keyboard wasn't working (-1) TV was also a 21 CRT mounted on the top shelf of a cupboard adjacent to the bed - which made viewing difficult (-1). TV volume came in 3 settings - mute, loud and deafening (-1).Bathrooms were large and modern (+1), additional amenities were available on request but I didn't bother.The bed was unremarkable, but in the dead of winter, one would expect that the beds be made with the blanket rather than have the blankets be stashed away in the cupboards wrapped in plastic (-1).Room service  dining options are limited but good. (albeit expensive) waitress warned that the risotto was quite salty  I was curious if she had ever told that to the chef! I had a $30 plate of pasta  mushrooms which I thought was over priced, but the $18 duck entree was a winner. Breakfast was mediocre but Conference dining was very good so overall it would have been a 0 (+1,-1,+1,-1 etc etc.)Check out was equally quick and the doorman ran out into the street to get me a cab (+2).There's also the Angsana Spa and a pool, but I never made it up to the 3rd floor. Also, I come from the land of $40 massages, so I wouldn't dream of forking out $210 for a rubdown.Would I stay here again? Well it was expensive and if it wasn't for the conference being held there, might have gone to the 4 points sheraton for my starwood points instead. 