Lachlan Graney, Asst Manager, spoiled our trip

No doubt the location is great and the hotel is value for money. But this story of mine just shows you the value of having really great people as part of your staff.Imagine this, you travel half way around the globe (am from Manila) check into your hotel and get set for a full day ahead of sight seeing, picture taking and all that other touristy stuff; but then you check on your digital camera and realize that you forgot to charge your battery. I checked on the sockets and it was NOT compatible with our parallel flat plugs here in the Philippines.Should be no problem right? Just call the reception and ask for an adaptor. I call and front desk and get a male on the line, I ask for an adaptor and lo and behold we're sorry sir but we're all out of adaptors, they've all been borrowed. I tried to ask them to think of a solution for me, but it seems like the guy did not want to be bothered. I thought he was rather rude and the tone of his voice was rather peeved. Perhaps my accent wasn't Caucasian enough for him to go the extra mile.I then put the phone down and called the GENERAL MANAGER, I called not so much to ask for help with an adaptor but also to call the attention of the hotel to the rudeness of their staff. Lo and behold, a Mr. Lachlan Graney picked up the phone and as the conversation went on, he identified himself as the SAME person that I had spoken to seconds before. I had suggested that the hotel buy some more adaptors because I really needed one that evening and did not want to brave the cold night outside to get one. His response was &quot;I'm sorry sir, but we think we have enough adaptors&quot;. I then replied, &quot;well, my not having one, doesn't that tell you that you might not have enough?&quot; To cut a long story short, I went out that evening close to midnight and walked a couple of blocks and went through 4-5 convenience shops before I found my adaptor. Me and my wife were not just peeved by the whole situation but it kinda left a bad taste in the mouth to have to deal with hotel staff that aren't just unhelpful but downright...rude. 